the church has cracks in the ceiling . 
the church is filled with song . 
a choir singing at a baseball game . 
the woman is young . 
the woman is very happy . 
the woman has been shot . 
a man poses in front of an ad . 
a man poses in front of an ad for beer . 
a man walks by an ad . 
the statue is offensive and people are mad that it is on display . 
there is a statue that not many people seem to be interested in . 
tons of people are gathered around the statue . 
a land rover is splashing water as it crosses a river . 
a vehicle is crossing a river . 
a sedan is stuck in the middle of a river . 
a man playing banjo on the floor . 
a man playing guitar on stage . 
a man is performing for cash . 
a doctor is looking at a book
a man is eating pb and j
a doctor is studying
a boy runs into a wall
a tan girl runs leans over an object
a man watches his daughter leap
a young man and woman take their child to the beach for the first time . 
a family is out at a restaurant . 
a family is at the beach . 
a couple is walking together . 
the couple is married . 
a couple is sitting on a bench . 
three people sit by a busy street bareheaded . 
three hood wearing people pose for a picture . 
three hood wearing people stand in a street . 
the man is inside . 
the man is reading the sportspage . 
the man is climbing a mountain . 
three firefighters putting out a fire inside of a subway station . 
three firefighters coming up from a subway station . 
three firefighters playing cards inside a fire station . 
a person is near a pile of coconuts . 
a person is selling coconuts . 
a person is burning a straw hat . 
the guy in yellow is rolling on the grass
the guy wearing a blue jacket is laying on the green grass
the guy wearing a blue jacket is laying on the green grass taking a nap . 
a first time roper falls off his horse . 
a man ropes a calf successfully . 
a boy is on a playground . 
the boy is playing on the swings after school . 
the boy is sitting on the school bus on his way home . 
an archeologist wearing a hat squats to examine the site for a dig
a squatting woman wearing a hat touching the ground . 
a woman wearing a sun bonnet planting a garden . 
two children are building a brick furnace . 
two children are playing catch at a park . 
two children are on a rug . 
a guy near a building stands by two other men
two girls walk through a hall
a busy man stands with bodyguards
girls are playing outdoors . 
two girls play dress up indoors . 
the two girls play in the autumn . 
some people look visually afraid to jump . 
people are jumping outside . 
people slide over a mountain crevasse on a slide . 
a snow field with a snowboarder on it
a snowboarder gliding over a field of snow
a snowmobile in a blizzard
the lady is cooking dinner
the lady is weeding her garden
the lady has a garden
a man destroys a bike . 
a man watches bike repairs . 
a man learns bike maintenance . 
a man is wearing a red shirt
a man is in a black shirt
a man is deciding which bike to buy
a person is in a garage . 
a man repairs bicycles . 
a man waits outside a garage . 
some people stand around . 
people run together . 
people wait at a station . 
a child wearing a red top is standing behind a blond headed child
a child wearing a red top is standing on top of a blond headed child
a child wearing a red top is standing behind a pretty blond headed child
a lady sitting on a bench in the park . 
an old lady pushing a stroller down a busy street . 
a person outside pushing a stroller . 
a pet is enjoying a game of fetch with his owner . 
a cat washes his face and whiskers with his front paw . 
an animal is outside in the cold weather ,  playing with a plastic toy . 
people at a party are seated for dinner on the lawn . 
people are talking underneath a covering . 
people are screaming at a boxing match . 
a girl is washing a load of laundry . 
a girl is playing an instrument . 
a group of people are playing in a symphony . 
a woman is playing a concert . 
a woman is playing the violin . 
a man is looking in a telescope . 
three men going to work
three men look at the camera
three men sleeping in a tent
a car making a right turn had three pedestrians cross behind it . 
a sedan was turning a corner as walkers were crossing . 
there are three boys
there are three girls
the boys are on the street
some people are blowing out candles
there are three girls and a cake
there are peeps in the garden . 
the crowd is calling for help for the people on the roof . 
the crowd on the ground is watching 3 people on the roof ' s edge . 
three people are climbing down the ladder on the building . 
a woman is working in a factory . 
a woman is working . 
a woman is sleeping . 
girls talking next to the toilet . 
people talking next to lockers . 
girls talking about their problems next to lockers . 
an elderly female is stalking a male . 
two people are sleeping on the train . 
two kids are hugging after surviving a horrible car wreck . 
two kids are hugging . 
two kids are running down a highway . 
a couple of child relatives were hugging because they were happy to see each other . 
two kids were hugging . 
two youths were pushing each other . 
a large number of people wearing black walking down the street . 
a large number of men walking down the street in red and white . 
a large number of people walking on a street . 
the man is test driving a motorcycle to decide whether or not he will buy it . 
a man is riding a motorcycle . 
a man is sitting on a parked motorcycle waiting for his friend . 
indian women perform together in gorgeous costumes
dogs sniff the air
indian women are performing a religious ritual together
a person is swimming . 
the swimmer is eating a toasted marshmallow . 
the swimmer almost drowned after being sucked under a fast current . 
a man in a wetsuit walks out of the water carrying a surfboard . 
a person is walking out of water . 
a man is laying on the beach . 
the extended family hike together on their family reunion . 
the three men sit and talk about their lives . 
there are people outside . 
a woman paints a portrait of her best friend . 
a woman paints a portrait of a person . 
a woman paints a portrait of a monkey . 
there is a woman painting . 
there is a woman painting for fun . 
there is a man tying his shoes . 
a couple is eating inside at a table and he is pointing at something . 
the man is pointing at a purse snatcher . 
people are eating at a table outside . 
the women were walking downtown because the buses were on strike
the women were picking berries in the countryside
the women were walking downtown
the people are having a chat before going into the work building . 
the group of people aren ' t inide of the building . 
the people are sitting in the hotel lobby . 
a flight attendant is standing in front of passengers . 
a flight attendant is demonstrating safety procedures before takeoff . 
a woman is preparing drinks on an airplane . 
girls walk down the street . 
girls set down in the street . 
girls were going to the park . 
a man sitting in a car . 
a person standing . 
a man standing on his motorbike . 
the man puts something on the other mans head . 
the women are at the park . 
the men are at church . 
two people are outside . 
a person stares at an empty hill . 
a child in a wagon rolls down a hill . 
a boy holding onto the wall of an old brick house ' s raised foundation as construction occurs
a girl is leaning against the wall
a boy is against the wall of a raised foundation
bruce springsteen is from florida . 
bruce springsteen is a singer . 
bruce springsteen is gay
six dogs swim across the river . 
six dogs are outdoors . 
the puppies are setting on the couch . 
a man and woman have mug shots taken because they have been arrested . 
a man and woman take selfies while a woman walks by and judges them . 
a man and woman take selfies of themselves . 
people are dancing . 
they are doing the tango . 
no one is dancing . 
men sit on the bus . 
men sit on the bus going to work , 
men drive the bus into the ocean . 
two people climbing on a wooden scaffold . 
two women climbing on a wooden scaffold . 
two sad men climbing on a wooden scaffold . 
the bird is flying over the trees . 
the duck is swimming in the lake . 
a young boy is playing in a feild . 
a young boy is playing in the field because his mother kicked him out of the house . 
a young boy is playing video games indoors . 
they are going fishing . 
six or seven people are standing on a pier . 
they are in a boat . 
a person wears a red shirt . 
the person is a woman . 
the person is wearing a green shirt . 
the child is on the school steps . 
the child is on the steps . 
the child is on the steps inside the library . 
the man is playing football .  . 
the person is playing basketball . 
the player has a tattoo that says mother . 
a boy in a red hood is happy . 
the boy doesn ' t want to see his reflection . 
the boy is upset . 
the man is wearing a gray cap . 
the man is wearing a blue cap . 
the man is cold . 
an old woman has a light jean jacket . 
an old woman has a jean jacket . 
an old woman has no jacket . 
the couple is having fun . 
the couple just got married . 
the couple is divorced . 
the man is wearing shorts and a t-shirt as he jogs . 
the man is moving . 
the man is wearing work attire and is walking to his job . 
several young people sitting outside
several young people are sitting in an auditorium
several young people sitting in a school courtyard
the childs mom is watching her son with her friends . 
people are in the house . 
the child is sleeping . 
a woman is singing . 
a woman is reciting poetry on the stage . 
a blonde woman is singing and dancing on the stage . 
a woman is eating pasta in a restaurant . 
the lady wearing a jacket is looking for her lost dog . 
the girl is walking outside . 
a family on vacation is posing . 
people are outdoors . 
a family is in their car . 
the people are standing . 
people are standing near water with a large blue boat heading their direction . 
people are waiting in line at the restaurant . 
two couples eat food on a kitchen floor . 
two couples play pool in a bar . 
a group of people eat food . 
a cat is laying on the couch . 
animal is outdoors . 
the dog is thinking about going to for a swim . 
an older man is leaning outside his nursing home
a young man is jogging
an older man leans outside a building
a person is sitting at a baseball game . 
someone is standing near a metro station . 
a person is waiting for a train . 
the girl is eating blue cotton candy at a carnival . 
the girl in a blue dress is a flower girl at a wedding . 
the girl is eating while barefoot . 
the man is asian
the man is playing
the man is at home sleeping
a man is making a sandwich while a crowd gasps in awe . 
a crowd is watching someone play basketball . 
a famous nba player is playing street ball in front of a crowd . 
a group of people are standing outside . 
an angry military veteran watches as people protest the war . 
a man is watching a group of people having a hot dog eating contest . 
a woman on a bike . 
a woman riding a bike to work . 
a woman driving a car . 
a young person on a skateboard . 
a man painting a tree . 
a young boy showing his new skateboard tricks to his friends . 
he is wearing a button-up shirt . 
his bald head is exposed . 
a man is crouching on a handrail . 
a girl in a red coat makes a snow angel for the first time . 
girl in a black coat stays indoors away from the snow . 
a girl outside plays in the snow . 
the group of friends are asleep . 
a group of humans are looking at the same direction . 
a group of friends are watching the music concert at night . 
the football player is under duress . 
the american football player in yellow catches the ball while under pressure from the player in white . 
the basketball player shoots a three pointer . 
a person is enjoying a sporting event . 
a person is dancing and singing . 
a person is standing outdoors . 
the girl is in the bathtub
the girl is drinking an alcoholic beverage . 
the girl has a beverage . 
a man in a black shirt ,  in a commercial kitchen ,  holding up the old meat he took out of a bag . 
a woman in a black shirt ,  in a commercial kitchen ,  holding up meat he took out of a bag . 
a man in a shirt ,  in a commercial kitchen ,  holding up meat he took out of a bag . 
a person in red is swimming in the olympics . 
a person in red is moving grass on a john deer motor . 
a person in red is cutting the grass on a riding mower
a group of people go down the road in a convertible . 
the driver was wearing a purple shirt . 
froends ride in an open top vehicle together . 
two men have just come in from fishing all day
two men are cleaning their fish
two men are sitting in a canoe with their fishing poles
the woman is a model . 
the woman has something on her face . 
the woman is blind . 
the man is wearing a tank top . 
the man is from alaska . 
the person behind the counter is a man . 
people are eating lunch in a restaurant . 
people are walking a city . 
people are outside in a park . 
a woman is sitting in a room with other people . 
a woman is on her phone sitting in a room . 
a man is fixing his car . 
teammates are competing in a softballs championship . 
two people are playing softball . 
two softball players are sitting on a bench . 
a person is riding a bike
the biker loses the race
the car is yellow
there are two little boys smiling . 
the little boys are crying . 
the boys are siblings playing with each other . 
the men caught many fish . 
the men did not go to work today but instead played bridge . 
the men are finishing their day of work . 
the plants are ferns
the adults are young
the adults are old
two teams from rival colleges are in the fourth quarter of a game . 
some girls playing basketball . 
a college football game . 
a lineman is trying to tackle the quarterback before he makes the game winning touchdown . 
a pitcher throws the baseball to the batter as he attempts to hit it out of the park . 
a game of football is being played . 
a man is playing with friends . 
a man is playing billiards . 
a man is playing checkers . 
the dogs are friends . 
the dogs are refusing to share . 
the golden dog is playing ball with another dog outside . 
the people are going up on the escalator . 
people are taking the elevator . 
people are riding on the escalator . 
a woman is at work . 
a woman is doing something with her hands . 
a woman is sitting with empty hands . 
a boy rides a horse by two cows . 
a boy ,  a road and two cows . 
a single cow is alone . 
children enjoying a birthday party . 
children are running down the street . 
children at a birthday party . 
there are more females than males . 
the performers are playing bagpipes . 
the people performing are part of a chorus . 
some men are standing on top of a car . 
a few men are fishing on a boat . 
some people are in a boat . 
a person drying clothes
nobody is drying clothes . 
the child is riding a swing in the rain . 
a child rides a swing in the daytime . 
the child on the swing is a girl . 
people are milling about the city street . 
the people are watching what is happening . 
people are conducting business in the city . 
the man is cooking food . 
the man is in the kitchen of a restaurant . 
the man is washing his car . 
a woman plays tennis . 
serina williams plays tennis . 
pete sampras plays tennis . 
they women are hitting a ball with their arms
this doesn ' t look like soccer
a bunch of women are playing volleyball
volleyball match is in progress between ladies
12 ladies play volleyball
ten boys play cricket
a mother and her son ride bikes with others down a street . 
a group of people are changing a bike tire . 
a group of people ride bikes together down a street . 
a group of friends are biking through a street ,  all wearing their helmets
a group of friends are grabbing their bikes ,  getting ready for the morning bike ride
a group of bicyclists are on a street outside
a middle easten store . 
an american theater . 
a foreign store . 
a woman sees a bicycle . 
a woman dressed in black shops for a bicycle . 
a woman in green sleeps on a couch . 
the men are musicians
the men are asleep in the motel
four men play drums
young boys throwing a baseball at a baseball field . 
young boys waiting for their soccer game . 
young boys kicking around a soccer ball . 
the man is testing the bike . 
the man is driving a truck . 
the man is riding a bike . 
the people look at the mountains . 
the couple is going to climb the mountains . 
the people look into the sky . 
the man is pacing nervously . 
the man can hear the construction going on . 
a man can is on the phone . 
a girl is hitting the ball . 
the boy is good at tennis . 
a boy is hitting a ball . 
a golden retriever nurses some other dogs puppies
puppies next to their mother
a cat nurses puppies
the young man is at his grandmothers house . 
the railing is in front of a frozen lake . 
the man spreads his arms while standing in front of a railing . 
a man was wearing a jacket in winter . 
someone wearing a cotton shirt was looking at a green hair comb . 
a man was wearing a jacket while holding a comb . 
the man pleads for mercy . 
the man is upright . 
the man sits crosslegged on the floor . 
the man wearing the vest is walking down the street . 
a man is wearing a vest . 
the man wearing the vest is sitting on the sofa . 
the girls are happy . 
the girls are taking a nap . 
the girls are outside . 
a man is playing an instrument on the street near other people . 
a man is trying to earn money by playing for other people on the street . 
a woman is flying crosscountry . 
two people are talking . 
three people are having a meeting . 
two people are discussing their relationship . 
a small boy runs through the corn field
a small boy holds a kettle that will soon be filled with salsa
a small boy is holding a kettle that will soon be filled
people and a baby riding the bus . 
people and a baby crossing the street . 
people and a baby are crossing the street at a crosswalk to get home . 
two people are standing on the grass . 
two women in dresses are getting ready for the picnic . 
the women are having a conversation at the office , 
the woman is a professional photographer
the flower is blue
a woman is taking pictures
four kids pose on a beach . 
four kids pose during summer vacation . 
a man stirs the stew . 
some men are watching tv at a bar . 
there are men drinking beer at a sports bar . 
the men are at a baseball game . 
two men are wearing lime green jackets . 
two men are placing construction cones in preparation of a new pipeline building . 
a woman chastises another . 
an artist relaxes in her studio . 
there is a person in a room . 
a woman is asleep while moonlight filters in the window . 
the children are martial arts students . 
the kids crawl in sand . 
children in uniforms climb a tower . 
they are in hawaii . 
there is only one dog at the beach . 
there are multiple dogs present . 
there alot of motorcyclists on this road . 
there are many pedestrians on the city street . 
the pedistrians are waiting for a parade to come through this busy street . 
a woman is wearing a bright orange blouse and a green hat . 
a woman is ironing red pants . 
a woman is weaving . 
a group of people are inside watching a hockey game . 
a bunch of people are in a wooden object on the water . 
a group of people are rowing towards some islands while one of them fishes . 
a woman is protesting in the street . 
a woman is on the ground outside . 
a woman is riding a bicycle . 
a man who kidnap a baby is petting a pony . 
a man with a baby is petting a pony . 
a man and his daughter are petting a pony . 
me are sitting on the side of a road
the side of the road is empty . 
men are talking on the side of the road
a dog is going to get wet . 
a black dog wearing a blue collar is chasing something into the water . 
a dog is avoiding the water . 
a girl is standing . 
a girl is standing outside . 
everyone is sitting . 
the children are at camp . 
some kids splash in the water and interact with each other . 
the children are playing mini golf . 
the kids are singing in a choir
the kids are in deep water
they are wearing lifejackets
a woman climber attempts to pull herself up
a climber pulls himself up some rocks
a climber pulls himself up 5000 feet up over a forest
a man is outdoors . 
a man has on climbing gear . 
a man is swimming in the ocean . 
two bald women . 
two bald women with glasses . 
two long-haired young women . 
a man has a shopping cart
a man is collecting cans to recycle
a rich man holding a rolex
the shoemaker is inside . 
the shoemaker is getting ready for his 16th birthday . 
the shoemaker is wealthy . 
a woman speaks to other women . 
a blond speaks with a group of young dark-haired woman students carrying pieces of paper . 
a man hits on a woman . 
someone giving out paper . 
the woman is giving homework to the children . 
woman is keeping the paper to herself . 
the girl is jumping to catch the frisbee . 
the girl is sitting on the grass . 
the girl in red is in the air . 
there are ladies running . 
the ladies are riding bikes . 
the ladies are in a marathon . 
a boy is making a sub sandwich in his kitchen . 
a boy is walking outside . 
a boy is in danger of falling into water . 
nobody is balancing . 
a clever person balancing . 
a person balancing . 
a guy with a skateboard is looking at a park to skateboard . 
a girl with a ponytail is riding a bike at a park . 
a guy is going skateboarding today . 
a young boy is playing soccer . 
a young boy is sleeping at a sleep over . 
a young boy is sleeping on a pillow . 
he is wearing the newspaper on his head . 
he is reading the newspaper . 
he is jewish . 
a human jumping . 
nobody is jumping . 
a tall human jumping . 
the children are muddy . 
the children are wet . 
the children are doing chores . 
four girls are in the water . 
there are boys and girl in the water . 
four girls are swimming . 
the man is walking away . 
the man is in a black shirt . 
the man is throwing something to his son . 
someone recording a young boy as he auditions for a part in a movie . 
a young boy juggling three red balls while blindfolded . 
an adult using a video camera . 
a group of people play in the ocean . 
a group of people stand together . 
a group of people sit on the beach . 
a wave is about hit some boys . 
the wave missed the boys . 
a giant wave is about to crash on some boys . 
a mother is helping her child complete the experiment . 
a woman is helping a girl . 
a lady is sleeping on a couch
a lady is helping another woman work
two woman are trying to finish orders from a doctor
two men are fighting outside a bar . 
a woman puts on makeup
one guy kicks another . 
parents gathers for a local high school concert
mob gathers as flutes fight to the death
people leave as the concert is decides to charge per note
players are wearing helmet . 
the players are taking rest . 
they are playing hockey
a man is wearing something . 
a man is wearing nothing . 
a man is wearing a blue shirt . 
mountain biker competes in off-road race . 
man riding motorcycle on highway . 
mountain biker enjoying the local trails . 
two men are recording a cooking tutorial . 
a man is in front of a camera . 
two men are at the pool . 
the couple are eating steak
some animals are asleep
there is a couple walking their dogs
the duck is a rare breed ,  most thought to have been driven into extinction years ago . 
there is one animal in this picture . 
the duck sleeps soundly ,  floating on top of the water
an elderly woman with a cane is sitting on a chair . 
a person is outside . 
a woman is walking towards a bus stop . 
a group of people wait
a person lies on the couch
a group of people stand
the sign the woman is holding states that "freedom is free . "
a group of well dressed people walk down a block with one of them holding a sign . 
a group of people dressed as clowns stroll into the bigtop circus holding signs . 
the boy gets ready
the boy is ten years old
the boy is sleeping at home
the man and woman are sitting . 
the man and woman are standing . 
the man and woman are married . 
the woman has an important meeting today in the building . 
a dog is running up the steps of a building . 
there are several people outside of a building . 
a father looks at his wife and son . 
a person is talking to a child while another person watches . 
a woman watches a mother speak to her young son . 
a man and his family are eating pizza . 
a man and woman are eating a hotdog at a baseball game . 
a man and woman are sharing a hotdog . 
the employee is wearing a blue shirt . 
the employee is indoors . 
the employee is swimming in the ocean . 
a man is hammering the final shingle on a roof . 
a workman is helping put a roof on a house . 
a boy is jumping up and down . 
there are people in an inflatable boat . 
the man has fallen out of the boat . 
seven men and women are in a yellow boat . 
the boys had unclean hands . 
they were playing soccer . 
the boys are bare-chested . 
the boys just won their soccer game
two boys washing their hands
the boys are in band uniforms
a person biking . 
a man in a suit walking on a sidewalk . 
a naked red haired man on a bike on a busy street . 
two men sit outdoors in an urban area . 
these two illiterate men convinced their dog to write a panhandling sign for them . 
two research scientists conduct research in disguise . 
the dog is a chihuahua
people with a dog
two homeless men lean against a wall with a dog . 
two men own homes . 
two friends sit against a wall with their pet dog . 
a woman is doing a handstand on the balance beam . 
a woman is napping in the gym . 
a woman is using gymnastics equipment . 
six people act together to get another ,  injured man on a transport in snowy terrain
six people act to save a seventh who is injured
six people get ready to eat a seventh who is injured
the three women are best friends . 
the three women are looking into the forest . 
the women are outdoors . 
a man getting ready to play golf . 
a man wearing football pads . 
a man in a hat . 
the woman is standing . 
the woman has her hair pulled back in a bun . 
the woman is seated on a beach towel . 
boys are playing . 
boys are playing outside . 
boys are playing chess . 
a father is buying his daughter ice cream . 
a couple is eating in a restaurant . 
people are buying food from a street vendor . 
some sailors get in a sailboat . 
some people put something in a boat in a place with more than one boat . 
a person drives away in a winnebago . 
the man is holding a bag . 
there is a man . 
the fire is large . 
the villagers are preparing to go fishing . 
the villagers are sitting around the camp fire . 
there are people pulling a boat . 
the crowd of people are shopping at a street market that sells fruits . 
the crowd of people are inside a mall . 
the crowd of people are shopping . 
a child is screaming at the person that almost hit her taxi cab . 
a child is inside a car . 
a child is at home ,  resting . 
they are playing football . 
five children are playing . 
there are ten total children playing . 
a woman stands with her child
a dog barks loud
a woman stands with a child
a boy swims while a seagull shits on the sand . 
a boy swims . 
a boy swims nude while a seagull eats his peanut butter sandwich . 
some people are by the side of a swimming pool partying . 
some people are holding beers in the picture . 
people were celebrating at a christmas themed party . 
the street is alive with activity . 
the street is quiet and calm . 
the morning rush hour fills the streets with busy people . 
the player is pretty
the player is flying planes
a player is waiting
the people are outdoors . 
the people are both males . 
there is one person outdoors . 
the people are unique . 
the people are creative . 
the people are bickering about politics . 
the woman in black is being fired via text message . 
the woman in black has a job . 
the woman in black is not walking to work . 
a pitcher is playing baseball at a stadium
a pitcher is playing baseball
a man is juggling baseballs while fans look on upset
a few people walk with a man in uniform . 
the barber cuts a man ' s hair . 
a group of people strolling . 
people are playing violin on stage . 
people are playing the harmonica while standing on a roof . 
a mother and daughter are walking home . 
a mother and daughter are eating spaghetti in a kitchen . 
a mother and daughter are walking . 
the boy is falling off of his bicycle . 
the boy is afraid to ride his bicycle so he lets it sit in the garage and collect rust . 
a boy is airborne on a bicycle . 
three dogs are running
the dogs are eating
three dogs are running in the daytime
three people are on a boat . 
three lifeguards are haning from the boar ,  trying to save the dog from drowning . 
4 fisherman are hanging over the boat ,  trying to pet the shark
two people go to work in a blizzard
a guy with a blue top carries a pack and makes his way through snow
two men play with a snowman
the man is watching the stars
the man is wearing a black shirt
a man is looking through a telescope
there are children in the streets . 
there are people on the street . 
the streets are empty . 
a painter is creating a picture . 
a man is recreating the mona lisa outside in front of a crowd . 
a man does a flip off a wall . 
a young man does a flip off a wall and wares baggie clothes . 
a young man in a blue hoodie falls off a half-wall that is painted nicely . 
two dogs are running . 
the two dogs are sleeping on the pile of leaves . 
the two dogs are running to play in the leaves . 
a man is doing things with a baton . 
a man throws a banana in the air . 
a man is trying his best at the national championship of baton . 
people wearing orange . 
a group of drag queens walking down the street . 
fans cheering on their team at the big game . 
gymnasts get ready for a competition . 
football players practice . 
gymnasts get ready for the biggest competition of their life . 
a man is going to surprise his wife with dinner . 
a man is cooking something to eat . 
a man is sitting watching tv . 
a person is atop of a building . 
the unemployed person is near a building . 
a man is atop of a building . 
a child pulls colorful tissue paper from a fancy box
a child fights a bag ,  the bag is winning
a child opens a present on his birthday
a young boy jumps onto his friends sand castle at a playground . 
a child is playing in the sand . 
a child does a cannonball into a pool . 
two boys reading a book about spiderman . 
two boys watching a superhero show . 
two boys reading a piece of literature . 
the man is driving a limosine . 
the man is driving a buggy . 
the man is an amish man . 
a little male has clothes on with a pair of scissors in his hands . 
a blond little boy is cutting out little stars for his little sister . 
a blond little boy is sleeping . 
the man is dressed in summer clothing . 
the female awaiting the man leaping is his sister . 
the man in white and black is leaping . 
the woman balancing a basket on her head is heading to her neighbors house . 
elderly woman is balancing something on her head while having a conversation . 
a tourist checking out seattle . 
someone taking in the space needle view . 
a man enjoying the view of the golden gate bridge . 
the man is young
the man is at an art gallery
the man is old
the soccer team in blue plays soccer . 
the blue soccer team is playing its first game of the season . 
a soccer team hangs out in the locker room . 
two children are sleeping at daycare
two children are sitting shirtless indoors
two young children are playing with each other and giggling while playing with markers
workers walk off a lift
workers walk home from work
workers stand on a lift
fishermen at the dock
women shopping at the mall
people outside
the boy is on a science field trip . 
the young girl looks through the telescope . 
the boy is looking through a microscope . 
a guy has hurled himself in the air . 
the man is running after a robber . 
a person is performing a trick at the circus . 
a golfer readies to putt the ball . 
the golfer is getting ready to putt on the green ,  with a crowd watching in the background . 
the golfer retired from play today . 
a child is wrestling with bears
a child does a jumping kick
a child in a black ninja suit does a kick
men are having a conversation outside . 
three men are sitting at the kitchen table . 
men are sitting outside . 
there ' s a place to sit near a wall
a person is sitting outside
a person is laying at home
a man is raking the yard . 
a man is cooking for his friends . 
a person is preparing some food . 
a man is cooking with a lot of pots . 
a man is cooking dinner for his family in a bunch of pots . 
a man is cooking with a bunch of ovens . 
a man is with another man
a man takes a picture of a woman
a man is with a cowboy
the road is dangerous for the four women to try to walk on because it is covered in ice . 
the women are walking on the ice . 
four women are walking near the dry highway . 
people love the music
the men are watching a sports channel
the men are playing music
a man is shooting a bow and arrow on a rainy day . 
a man is shooting a gun at targets on a nice day . 
a man is shooting a gun outside with his friends . 
there is only one person present . 
they are college football players . 
there are multiple people present . 
five men watch tv . 
some guys are in a living room . 
some people are at work . 
the man is sitting in front of a school . 
the man is standing in front of a building . 
the man is in front of a building . 
a group of people are sitting at tables . 
a group of people are sitting at the tables sharing a meal . 
a family reunion is in progress as relatives sit at tables and write down each other ' s addresses . 
a person makes dinner . 
a man cleans the kitchen . 
a woman makes food . 
four women enjoying rollerskating . 
women rollerskating around an are
four men are rollerskating . 
a man walking on water . 
workers cleaning up after st patrick ' s day . 
a group of cleaners after a parade . 
the young girl is having fun . 
the young girl is playing with a race car . 
the young girl is playing with a toy . 
the car has stuff on top . 
the car is going on a trip . 
the car is a convertible . 
there are two guys above the water . 
two guys are on a lake . 
there are men dancing
the women are older
there are several women
a long-haired boy riding his skateboard at a fast pace over a stone wall with graffiti . 
a boy riding a skateboard on a stone wall . 
a boy in a green shirt rollerblading through the tunnel . 
someone person was near a bunch of birds . 
there was a dog inside . 
there were some birds near a woman . 
a dog is being chased by a cat
a black dog with a toy is being based by a brown dog
dog is running and being chased by another dog
a woman and her kids climb up the stairs
a woman and two children climb up the stairs
a man is lying down ,  sleeping . 
a man is sleeping on the floor . 
a young man is sleeping while in the sitting position . 
the woman is wearing a prom dress . 
the woman is a super model . 
a woman in a bikini lays near the water . 
the dog is a chihuahua . 
the dog is in a pool . 
the dog is in the air . 
a dog is taking something to its owner . 
a dog is carrying something . 
a dog is carrying an object down a grassy side . 
a person is doing tricks in front of crowd . 
tricks are made by a person in a red jacket while people watching him . 
man who wears red jacket got an accident . 
two men are cutting wood to build a table . 
two men are hammering . 
two men are using a saw . 
two strong men are working
two strong men are having a beer
two strong men work to saw the oak log
the men are novices at martial arts . 
the men are blackbelts . 
a man is wearing a red belt . 
the ladies are sitting on the floor . 
the ladies are kickboxing . 
the two ladies are outside . 
the child is sleeping . 
the child is playing . 
the child is playing a game for fun . 
the man is riding a horse . 
the man is bike riding . 
the man is riding a dirt bike . 
people are hanging out together
people are taking a picture
people are on their computer
a group of men ,  and women look at fresh romaine lettuce in at the local street market . 
people viewing produce at a market . 
a group of dogs look at fresh lettuce in at the local street market . 
group of people throwing bananas at a market . 
shoppers purchasing vegetables at a busy public market . 
group of people being filmed purchasing vegetables for a market ' s advertisement . 
an asian man is reading the paper . 
an asian man is pushing a cart up the street . 
an asian man is selling food . 
a man has tools . 
a man is repairing a dam . 
the man is in an office building . 
two dogs sitting on the porch . 
two dogs hiding in the yard together . 
two dogs standing together in the yard . 
a baby is wearing orange . 
the dress was a gift . 
the baby is nude . 
actors who are also martial arts experts face off as opponents with the good guy in brown and black and the bad guy wearing red and a black hat . 
two women dressed in opposing team colors of brown and black and red and black fight in a karate match . 
two males are involved in martial arts . 
a child is in the ocean
the child s playing on the beach . 
the child is a boy . 
the temperature is a scalding 100 degrees fahrenheit . 
the young girls are together
the cameras are cheap . 
a tall man is sitting on a swingset in a deserted park . 
the man in the red helmet is winning his bicycle race . 
a person wearing numbers is using a nonmotorized vehicle . 
a man in a red cape and a hat with three feathers sits by himself . 
a man sits by himself at mardi gras . 
a man with a walking stick sits by himself . 
the dog is playing tug of war with a stick . 
the dog is pulling a stick . 
the dog is taking a nap at the park . 
the tree appears to be dead . 
the man is wearing safety gear on his head . 
a ballerina is climbing a tree . 
a child players with her father ' s boots while he is at work . 
a child is playing . 
a child is playing with her mothers '  shoe . 
a red slide on the patio is next to a small swing set . 
a boy is taking a bath with his rubber duck . 
a boy is playing . 
a lioness preying
the lioness is hungry
the lioness is sleeping
the female gymnast is training . 
the female gymnast is on her way to the gym . 
the female gymnast is training for the olympics . 
the pigs eat dogs
the lady digs into the ground
the lady digs into the ground for gold
a girl goes down a slide . 
a frowning boy is playing soccer . 
a girl happily uses the equipment at a playground . 
a skateboarded is jogging down the street . 
a skateboarder is preparing for the new season . 
a skateboarder is outdoors . 
a man on easter island . 
a child hunts for easter eggs . 
a tourist has his picture taken on easter island . 
the man is reaching for his wife . 
the man is sunbathing and doesn ' t have on anything but his swim trunks . 
a man in red is holding out his hand . 
three women make cupcakes for a bake sale . 
the three women are happy about baking cupcakes . 
three women go to the spa . 
guys are working near a wall . 
guys are jumping in the pool . 
guys are working near a wall and it starts raining . 
people wearing shorts are standing around doing nothing . 
men in overalls work to fix a tractor . 
overall wearing people are working to fix a tractor . 
the equipment is being pulled by sheep . 
the horses are both brown . 
the men are working on farm stuff . 
a skier down the road skiying
a skier preparing a trick
a skier teaching others a trick
the boys are in the beach
the boys are sleeping . 
the boys are young
the boy holds down his laughing nephew as his sister sprays him with water . 
the three girls hold the boy down while his girlfriend shoots water at him . 
there are five children . 
the dog is running outside
the dog runs
the dog is walking
the big dog is playing with a toy . 
the animal is sleeping in the basement . 
a canine is using his legs . 
a family skeet shooting
a black family selling fresh produce in an outdoor market
people at an outdoor market
a group of kids are outdoors . 
a group of kids is watching tv in the living room . 
a group of kids are playing in the city park . 
the man is on his way to class . 
the man has something in his hand . 
the woman is reading a book . 
a person is waiting for the train . 
a person is in the subway station . 
a man is taking the bus . 
the man is confused . 
the man is confused because he doesn ' t know where he is . 
the man is not confused . 
the men are wearing bright suits in the park . 
the man are covering themselves in clothing . 
the man are putting on their attire before going into the cold weather . 
the dogs are in the backyard . 
the dogs are eating from their dog bowls . 
the dogs are near the toy . 
a group of friends are at the table
a group of friends are sleep . 
a group of friends are sitting
a person is falling off their bicycle . 
a surfer is being flung in to the waves after hiting a large crest . 
a person is in the water . 
there is a man next to a sign . 
the man works at e . s . e electronics . 
a man is running past the sign . 
black man poses in front of e . s . e .  sign after making a purchase at a store . 
man breaks camera in front of liquor store . 
man takes a picture with advertiser after purchasing their brand of liquor at a store they are promoting . 
a crowd of people are together . 
one person sits on a subway car alone . 
a crowd of people are headed to work . 
a girl is brushing a horse . 
a girl is brushing a horse after coming back from a ride in the snow . 
a girl is sitting on a park bench holding a puppy . 
a male guitarist playing his intrument for children . 
a guitarist sitting on stage . 
a person outside with children playing . 
the girl is outside . 
the girl is ready to go swimming . 
a group of people walks in the square . 
a group of people walk through tear gas . 
a group of people dance in the daytime . 
a lady is taking pleasure from a treat . 
the asian woman is eating ice cream . 
a business man is hurrying to work . 
a girl is playing a sport in which she is jumping over a hurdle . 
a girl is jumping over a hurdle . 
a girl tripped on herself before she attempt to jump over a hurdle . 
the woman is sitting next to someone . 
the woman has red toenails . 
the woman is standing . 
the kids are playing tag . 
the kids are at school . 
the kids are playing . 
a man is sitting on a truck . 
a man is sitting on his porsche . 
a man is sitting on a truck at a gas station . 
there is a boy in the woods . 
there is a small boy in the woods . 
a woman takes photos of a horse . 
the photographer is being paid to photograph wild stallions . 
a naked lady takes photos of a horse . 
this person is going to the waterfall
this person is on a river
this person is in a hot air balloon
a man with concealed features is in a mode of  transportation used in service . 
a robber is in a police car . 
a woman is showing her head while riding on a horse
the horse tripped on a rock . 
the horse is riding gallantly through the grass . 
the jockey is trying not to fall off the horse . 
the person is clearing their snowed up driveway
there is snow outside
the rain is pouring in the desert
workers are sitting and riding a train . 
workers wearing orange are about to repair rail tracks . 
workers are standing outside . 
the kids are taking a bath . 
the kids are not reading . 
the kids are wet . 
a man is on on skis on the mountain . 
a man is snowboarding . 
a skateboarder is at a skatepark with his friends showing off his moves . 
a skateboarder is doing tricks in an area with ramps . 
a skateboarder is in his backyard wrestling with his friends . 
a boy is giving his brother a ride
a boy is playing monopoly with his brother
a boy is giving his brother a piggyback ride in the park
a woman is teaching a ballet class composed of middle aged men holding white scarves . 
a woman is teaching a ballet class . 
a woman is teaching a ballet class composed of small children holding green and red scarves . 
there is a child getting naked in the water . 
there is a naked child in the water . 
there is a topless child playing in the water . 
the two boys are in their bath tub
the two boys are swimming with their floats
the two boys are swimming and catching a wave
a man is stealing a lady ' s purse at the bank . 
a man is chatting with a lady . 
a man is talking to a lady about the weather . 
three girls are talking
three girls are seated
three girls are laughing
the people are siting down . 
the people are outside . 
the people are at a school . 
the men are carrying bicycles . 
both of the men are walking . 
the men are walking to the park . 
a tall person running
a person running
nobody is running
three children are interacting with an illuminated water art display . 
three children are swearing at an illuminated water art display
kids are playing basketball in a pond . 
kids are playing in water . 
kids are playing at the fountain at a local mall . 
a woman is playing tennis . 
a woman is sleeping . 
a woman had a tennis racquet . 
a woman is getting ready to box
a woman is getting up to get some water
a woman rises from a chair
the beach has an announcement . 
the announcement for the beach is a warning . 
there are hundreds of sharks on the beach . 
the helmet has a stripe on it . 
a person has a yellow helmet . 
the helmet is black . 
the couple are cooking in there home kitchen . 
a couple are having a picnic in a park . 
there are hot dogs and hamburgs on the grill . 
the kids like science . 
the children are looking through a microscope . 
the kids are looking through a telescope . 
a group of people looking up . 
a snake eating a mouse . 
a group of coaches are showing their team the scoreboard . 
a dog chases a rabbit . 
a man shoots a rabbit . 
a brown dog runs outside . 
a dark colored dog digging through the snow
a dog outside digging . 
a cat running down a beach
a girl jumping rope on mars . 
a jump roping girl . 
a girl jumps high . 
man in red jacket is opening the door while holding his car keys
the man was holding the door for his girlfreind
the man dropped his car keys in the sewer
some kids are burning the table down . 
some kids are looking at an insect on the kitchen table . 
some kids are staring at something on the table . 
a skateboarder is doing tricks for a competition . 
a skateboarder is doing a trick . 
a skateboarder is taking pictures of himself with his phone . 
a snowman is being photographed with its creator . 
a snowman is taking photos of his friends . 
next to a snowman a person poses for a picture with it . 
a young boy is playing with a basketball . 
a baby is running in her big sisters flip-flops . 
a baby is running . 
the kid is riding a bike . 
the kid is asleep . 
the kid has hands . 
two men carry a christmas tree . 
children opening presents . 
young children open presents under a large christmas tree . 
a man is walking outside . 
a man is playing golf . 
a buisness man is talking a walk on his lunchbreak . 
two cats standing together ,  one is big and the other is small . 
a big dog watching over a smaller dog . 
a mother dog checking up on her baby puppy . 
a man is addressing a group of people . 
a stock broker is speaking at a wall street conference . 
a boy is riding a wave on his surfboard . 
a woman standing on a street corner outside beside three different stores ,  two of which contain beautiful artwork and one with a largo sign . 
a woman stands outside of two art shops deciding which one to go into on a street corner . 
a woman sitting next to a stop sign near a rest stop bathroom outside . 
the person is in a race . 
the person is riding a four wheeler . 
the person is riding a big wheel . 
the man is on his cell phone . 
the man is inside the car . 
an expensive car is parked . 
the two woman stood under the black umbrella . 
they stood under the umbrella . 
the married couple stood under the umbrella . 
a man writes his sports story
a man watches the field
a man sits in a casino
a man holding grapes poses for a painting . 
a family poses for a christmas picture . 
a man holds a vegetable . 
a man is holding onions . 
a man is shopping in a grocery store . 
a man is holding apples . 
a woman is alone at a bowling alley
a woman is playing a game
a woman is at a bowling alley
a monkey is passing out orange juice in the middle of the forest . 
a person in a polka dot outfit is handing out orange juice behind a caution area . 
a woman is wearing a polka dot outfit ,  in the middle of a dangerous scene ,  passing out orange juice . 
a dog is sleeping on the table . 
a dog jumps over a obstacel . 
a show dog is showing tricks for the judges . 
a clean shaven man skateboards . 
a man skateboards . 
a man with a goatee does a backflip on a skateboard . 
the woman is silent . 
the woman is chatting with her friend . 
a woman is having a chat . 
two men dance together in the middle
a woman dances with a man next to another couple dancing
a popular football team in california has many fans . 
the 49ers are ready to play versus their rivals . 
the football game got cancelled and the field is empty . 
a man in an army uniform is meeting someone . 
a man in an army uniform is meeting a foreign civilian in the war zone . 
a man in a navy uniform is meeting his wife . 
a person is holding a tool . 
a carpenter is having some fun during his break . 
the person is eating a sandwich . 
the person under the blanket is dead . 
the firefighters are setting a fire . 
the firefighters have finished a job . 
the man was taking pictures of nature . 
the man was sitting indoors watching tv . 
a guy is wearing sunglasses . 
a man wearing glasses in smiling at a concert . 
a boy is taking an exam . 
men are selling food on the sidewalk . 
men are buying food on the sidewalk . 
men are selling hotdogs on the sidewalk . 
people are watching the flowers blossom
people are standing on the pavement
people are sitting in chairs
three men are doing a musical set wit wires and equipment all over the stage and they are holding unique guitar like instruments
the three men were telling jokes on stage to entertain the crowd
the three men were in a band together
a man walks with his cow . 
a man chases his dog . 
a man leads a cow to be milked . 
the man is skiing
the man is riding outside
the man is going to the store
soldiers are packing heat near a building . 
soldiers are holding guns in a large featureless desert . 
soldiers are holding guns and peeking around an extremely small building . 
there are people patiently awaiting a firefight . 
there are people avoiding traffic on a busy new york street . 
there are people standing outside . 
soldiers are on guard as they ' re waiting for someone to steal documents inside the building . 
soldiers are being told to guard a building . 
a person watches someone . 
a woman watches as a man reads a paper . 
the boss watches as the employee reads the memo . 
a woman enjoying a florida beacj
a woman sleeping in front of a fire
a woman at a beach
a man is standing in the doorway . 
the man is sitting at the table . 
a man is looking out onto his front lawn from the doorway of his home . 
the man watches the other clean a fish . 
the man is cleaning the fish that he caught so he can cook it . 
the man in an orange shirt watches another man wash dishes . 
a couple looks at porn . 
the couple poses together . 
a man poses with a woman . 
women are outside riding horses . 
women are outside riding horses as their families watch them from the other side of the farm . 
women are outside at a riding competition where they watch men compete . 
a group of people looking at a statue . 
a beautiful statue of a man . 
people wearing cool-weather clothing because of the excessive wind . 
an empty field is photographed . 
a plane flies in the sky . 
a military event is taking place . 
a person with a long object stands on one side of a wall and a balloon floats on the other side . 
a bully tries to pop a balloon without being caught in the act . 
a boy sleeping in a hot air balloon . 
a man is disguise as he dances with someone . 
a man dances with a woman in costume
a couple dances in a competition . 
the pitcher throws the ball . 
the pitcher wants to strike out the last player on the team . 
the boy plays basketball . 
a dog is chasing a ball . 
a dog is at the park with it ' s owner . 
a dog is chasing after a cat . 
a group of people play a competitive game of frisbee . 
people play frisbee outdoors . 
a group of people play football . 
the men are on their way to a rescue . 
the men are fighting a fire . 
the men are outside . 
the musician singing the song is asian . 
the musician is singing . 
the musician is playing the drums . 
the white dog is with it ' s owner . 
the white dog is at a beach . 
the white dog is sitting on the sand . 
a dog runs through some water to catch a stick . 
a dog runs through some water . 
a dog runs through a field . 
a girl is strolling down the park . 
a girl has on skis . 
a girl is wearing a cap . 
the lady is asleep
a lady cooks
the lady cooks meat
a single person is sitting at the dentist office waiting his turn . 
a person walks outside with an umbrella in his hand . 
a single human is outside in front of a building . 
the girl is near an instrument . 
the boy is wearing shorts . 
the boy is alone in the bathtub on the moon . 
pretzels are poisonous . 
there is salt on the pretzels . 
a woman is performing at a concert . 
a woman is playing an instrument . 
a woman holds a broken violin . 
a couple of dogs are sleeping . 
a couple of animals are playing . 
a man eats his last marshmallow as his friend begs for a bite ,  but he doesn ' t give in . 
a man eats a hamburger while his friend asks for a bite . 
a woman bites into a marshmallow chick
a man is eating a marshmallow . 
a guy bites into a freshly opened marshmallow chick
a guy bites into a marshmallow while someone else desires a bite
a man with a cat . 
a man taking his cat with him while running some errands . 
a lady in a swimsuit checking things out . 
a naked woman playing piano . 
a lady shopping . 
a man with short hair dancing outside while playing the flute . 
a man is sitting outdoors . 
the man is confined to bed . 
the man talks to his son the clown . 
the man talks to the performer . 
someone in a helmet and clown makeup is talking to a man in a striped shirt . 
two men in formal attire are waiting outside restaurant at night . 
two men are seated on a park bench ,  one in clown makeup and the other in a striped polo shirt . 
a mom and a son spending time together on their weekend supervised visit . 
a mom is pouring grape juice on the ground while her son is crying . 
two humans enjoying the outside . 
a car does a burnout in front of thousands of onlookers . 
a car does a burn out . 
a car that has no tires . 
a man swims across a pool
a young man wears gloves
a man trims a tree
the man tries to make some money from tips . 
a woman flashes bystanders . 
a man plays guitar outside . 
the players are playing a sport . 
they struggle to gain control over a ball . 
the players are having a party . 
a man is eating his tv dinner . 
a woman is preparing meat . 
a woman is beginning to cook . 
the animals are playing catch . 
the animals are lying on the bed . 
the animals are outside . 
a girl on her cellphone lying on the ground
a girl on her cellphone lying on the ground next to a dog
a boy on his cellphone standing on ground
a man is in a room . 
a man is laying outside in the grass . 
a man is using a hammer in a room . 
a woman and a dog enjoy time together
a woman is scratched by a cat
a woman spends time with her brand new puppy
nobody is standing
tall humans standing
some humans standing
a young man is on a farm . 
a young man is perfoming a good skill on a skateboard on the sidewalk in a metropolitan area . 
there is a guy performing a skill on a skateboard on the sidewalk in a metropolitan area . 
a man sitting down builds a tall building and eats a palm tree
a man flips his skateboard on a cement surface
a man does a skateboarding trick on a cement surface
two girls are in a room with red curtains . 
two girls are decorating their christmas tree . 
two girls are happy and getting into the spirit of christmas . 
the daddy is dead
daddy taught her
daddy is old
a boy on a skateboard . 
a boy standing upright on a skateboard . 
a boy on a skateboard riding down the street his house is on . 
a man dressed really strangely is walking in front of some shops . 
a woman wearing an evening gown is at a party . 
a man wearing strange clothing is being stared at by shoppers . 
someone told a joke . 
there are three people . 
the dogs are laughing . 
a group of girls are having fun . 
girls are not having a good time . 
girls are at school . 
shipyard workers are waiting on the docks
shipyard workers are unloading the ships
shipyard workers are standing on the docks
a person with a skateboard is preparing to do tricks . 
two horse chase after a man holding a carrot . 
a skateboarder stands on top of a halfpipe about to jump down . 
a kid on a bike . 
a lady points . 
a woman points at the man she is talking about . 
the trees are ready for spring . 
there is a park with no trees . 
the woman is walking outside . 
there is a man playing an instrument
there is a man watching others play instruments
there is a man outdoors playing an instrument
there was a woman tip-toeing across the train tracks . 
the bridge had train tracks across it . 
a person jumped off the side of the bridge . 
the man in blue is batman and the man in black is jonny cash . 
the man in the black suit is planning on robbing the man in blue next to him . 
a man in a black suit is standing next to a man in a blue outfit . 
some people are exercising outside . 
people are racing up a hill . 
people are having a picnic . 
people are walking along the beach . 
people are hiking threw a woods . 
people are outside . 
a group of men are preparing for a concert . 
the former first lady is at the podium for a conference . 
laura bush stands in front of a conference
laura bush is driving a jet-ski near the washington monument . 
laura bush gets ready to address a heated issue
george bush stands in front of a podium in front of an audience
laura bush is giving a talk about the importance of literacy to young people . 
the two men are wearing hula grass skirts . 
the two men are wearing jogging clothes . 
the two men wearing hula grass skirts are hawaiian . 
times square is in california . 
times square is packed . 
times square is a place . 
a woman drives a bulldozer . 
college kids wait in line for concert tickets . 
a group of people wait in a line . 
an extreme kayaker steers the treacherous waters
a man surfing on the water
a man milks a cow
two men with a toy . 
two men playing with a frisbee . 
two men playing with a basketball . 
the young girl gets into the water with her bathing suit . 
the young swimmer wades out into the water at the start of his team practice . 
ther isn ' t any water around the man
the man is in a boat
a lumberjack poses with a tree he ' s about to chop down
a man sips beer on the beach
a man leaning on a tree
a motionless truck
a truck driving
a man is waiting for someone
a man is sitting crisscross
a woman is walking
the woman is contemplating buying a new outfit . 
the ball is on the floor . 
the shirt is gray . 
military personnel are in the mall . 
military personnel are buying groceries . 
people in the military are training . 
the dogs are chasing a rabbit . 
two dogs are running . 
both dogs are female . 
the man is talking to his friend on the phone
the man is jogging
the cigarette is lit
the green clock wears black capri pants in front of the woman . 
the clock is accurate at least two times a day . 
it is noon . 
several people are naked . 
there are people wearing scrubs . 
there are people at the hospital . 
a chef is near a food truck . 
a chef is near a kitchen . 
a chef has been fired and sits at home with a handle of whiskey . 
a mother and her child ride home from work . 
a child stands alone . 
a child and woman are picture . 
the man is sweeping dirt
the man is dancing with a woman
the man is sweeping
the matador will feel sorry for the bull
the angry bull is attacking the matador and quite rightly so
the raging bull is going to stamp the matador to pieces
the woman is dreaming of a modeling career while working in the jewelry shop . 
a woman fixes a display shelf . 
a woman buys a ticket at a movie theater . 
men are upright on a stage . 
male actors are putting on a play in a theater . 
women are playing trumpets on the street . 
two men hold torches to celebrate
two brothers hold torches to celebrate . 
a man showing how to slice a coconut next to a stump to other people going around
a man slicing coconut next to a stump . 
a man drinking coconut water . 
someone is at the doctor . 
a man is at the doctor . 
a man is sleeping . 
a young woman is sitting on a toilet . 
a young lady is sitting at a table . 
a young woman is smiling and looking away from the camera . 
a boy is wearing clothes . 
the boy plays a video game . 
a boy reads a mystery book . 
there is a lot of people standing near each other . 
a large crowd of dogs are at the park . 
people speak a variety of different languages . 
a person is skating . 
the skater is sitting on the ground . 
the elderly people are swimming in the pool . 
the elderly people are crossing the crosswalk . 
the elderly people are walking to a restaurant . 
an older woman is trying to see a billboard that is far away
4 older woman are walking
four older women are sitting in a hot tub
a man is running a marathon . 
a man is sitting down . 
a man is sick next to the toilet . 
the man does not have a home . 
the man is living in a mansion . 
people dressed in japanese clothing walk through a courtyard . 
the people are partaking in a japanese funeral tradition . 
people dressed like circus clowns entertain at a child ' s birthday party . 
the little girl asks her father to pick her up . 
a young man shows a group of people the black web painted on his face . 
a person shows some people his face painting . 
the man has nothing on his face . 
the man has his face painted . 
the man has his face painted for a halloween event . 
a man sitting with a sign
a man taking a break
a man laying down
a boy in white pajamas plays . 
a boy in light green pajamas plays . 
a boy in green pajamas plays . 
the young boy is asleep while the woman is watching television . 
the older woman behind the young boy is his mother . 
the young boy is holding a toy . 
a girl poses for a selfie with her mother . 
a photo is being taken of a man and a baby girl . 
bob takes his infant daughter for a family photo . 
sports team members are having lunch . 
team members of a sport is relaxing after practice . 
team members were practicing on a basketball court while large crowd watched . 
some people are attending an outdoor book sale . 
some women are wrapping gifts . 
people are standing on a sidewalk . 
two men riding in a car past a brick building . 
two people walking toward a brick building with their mural on its side . 
two people walking toward a brick building with a colorful mural outside . 
a vendor talks to a customer
a vendor stares into space . 
a woman vendor gazes into the distance . 
the ambulance isn ' t stopped by heavy traffic
the man in the bandana is running after the ambulance
the ambulance has its sirens on
a boy runs across a road in front of an abandoned building . 
a boy sleeps in his bed . 
a boy is running infront of a building . 
boys are playing outside . 
children are indoors . 
boys are in a place of learning . 
galina is winning the race . 
there are no women running . 
three women are running . 
the man holding the painting was watching tv
the man holing the painting is making sure he painted the dog correctly
a man holding a picture of a small dog is painting a small dog in near life size on a white canvas
a gentleman with no chest hair ,  wrangles his way through a toilet seat . 
a man does magic tricks . 
a contortionist fits his head and arms through a toilet seat . 
a woman walks along with a can of soda in his hand . 
a person walks along with a can of soda in his hand . 
a sad man walks along with a can of soda in his hand . 
there are men trying to push a car in snow . 
they are pushing it off a cliff to cover up a crime . 
these men pushing the car off a cliff is from a scene in the movie fargo . 
two kids are in a swimming race . 
two children are wet . 
kids are riding bicycles . 
the women are on stage . 
the women are in a parade . 
the women are performing a play . 
an old man is making pottery to sell . 
a woman is soaking her feet . 
a man is making pottery . 
a child plays outdoors . 
a young boy has fun playing outdoors . 
a young boy stands at the chalkboard to answer a math problem . 
a woman standing on top of a rocky mountain . 
a man sitting on top of a mountain . 
a rugged man sits atop a mountain . 
the boats jumped up from a shallow rock . 
there is a fishing boat in the harbor . 
a young man and an asian woman are near a dock on a bay . 
the cyclist was riding near the ocean at sunset . 
he was happy . 
the cyclist was riding in the morning . 
a crowd of people are taking a picture outside . 
the group of people are frowning . 
the group of people are smiling for their family photo . 
a woman is taking a picture . 
the woman is the girl ' s mom . 
the girl is on a car . 
a young model has her first photoshoot . 
a child is taking pictures of an adult . 
a photographer is working . 
a child is naked in the shower
a child ' s clothes are full of mud in the shower
a clothed child is in the shower
the man is riding fast on the four wheeler . 
the man entered a swimming event and is riding a jet ski . 
the man is entered in a event . 
two women are under a waterfall . 
two men are under a waterfall . 
two brothers are under a waterfall . 
the man is a worker . 
the hose is being used . 
the shirt is red . 
a worker is cleaning up after a fire . 
a man is riding a motorcycle through a grassy field . 
a man is spraying water on concrete . 
the man and his son were watching a parade
a man and a boy were riding bikes through town on the sidewalk
the man and the boy were in town
the woman has a white shirt on . 
the woman is holding a purse . 
the woman is in her 20s . 
the men are driving cars . 
the men are talking to each other on the side of the rode about their wives . 
the men ' s bikes broke . 
a moving walkway has a group of men riding on it . 
a group of women are baking in a kitchen . 
a groups of men at the airport are riding a moving walkway . 
there is a group of people at the airport . 
six men are trying to get to their gate at the airport . 
six men are sitting on a park bench . 
a person is looking at the mountain waiting for the right time to climb it . 
a person is playing football at the stadium . 
a person is situated near a mountain . 
the kids are learning . 
the kids sit in front of computers . 
there is no teacher in the room . 
two men are next to each other . 
a retail store worker shows a customer the latest designer wear . 
a man is being served a dish in a restaurant . 
a businessman walks by a closed cafe . 
a person walks by a cafe . 
a man walks by an open cafe named "cafe de flo"
the woman is about to shoplift the fruit to make dinner for her cats . 
a lady is holding an object to contain items while she is behind fruit . 
the woman is holding old trashcans to carry various objecs . 
the guy chased his dog down the street . 
some teams were playing ball in the field . 
there are some players chasing a ball . 
a man sitting on the floor with pictures around him . 
a man sitting on the floor with photographs around him . 
a man sitting on a barren floor . 
a woman is checking out papers . 
a woman checking papers is a teacher . 
a woman in a brown dress is a murderous clown at a birthday party . 
a group of students are taking naps . 
the college class of mostly females watched a presentation . 
the class of mostly females watched a presentation . 
a swimmer is winning
a swimmer is swimming
a man is riding a bike
a woman holding her sleeping son while walking down the street . 
a woman holding her sleeping son is thinking about the future . 
a woman holding her sleeping son looks out a window . 
the group of people are walking on the sidewalk in the city . 
the four members of the band are in tight quarters . 
the band is playing . 
the woven walls are multicolored . 
three women sit together . 
the three bar tenders work hard pouring drinks . 
musicians are playing their instruments at a venue
a rock band is playing at the 9:30 club
the stage crew is cleaning the stage
a woman performs for the crowd . 
the woman is a street performer . 
a dark haired kid dances for the crowd . 
three young giraffes are playing soccer in the beach wearing shorts
three young men are playing soccer in the beach wearing daisy duke shorts
three young men are playing soccer in the beach wearing shorts
a female astronaut adjusting to the feeling of low gravity by training underwater . 
an astronaut training underwater . 
an astronaut working with an alien to repair a satellite . 
a human working
a tall human working
nobody is working
the guy is on a rock with a skateboard . 
the rock is on a skateboard . 
the skateboarder is near a rock . 
a man is eaten by a shark . 
a man pilots his boat . 
a man is sailing to cuba . 
men taking pictures of women at the beach . 
women taking pictures of each other at a restaurant . 
women taking pictures of each other . 
the ledge is made of a hard substance . 
the man may lose his balance . 
the roller blade wheels are square . 
the players are playing rugby . 
the players are playing basketball . 
the players are playing rugby in a championship game . 
this is the first time the dog has seen snow . 
a dog tries out frozen water . 
the dog is swimming . 
the woman is in her teens . 
a woman is sitting in a chair . 
she is over 80 years old . 
people celebrate st paddys day
people watch men in kilts
a cow moo ' s
a man is dancing thru the field . 
a person threw a pole . 
a man is wearing a skirt . 
kids are sightseeing
the kids are in a classroom
the kids are on a fieldtrip
a woman is crying . 
a woman cries because her husband left . 
a naked man in a bar . 
the women are beating each other up with their bare fists . 
women are wielding nun-chucks . 
the women are auditioning for a kung fu movie . 
they are in a wedding
2 women are talking
sin men are in tuxedos
the young boy went swimming . 
the young boy is outside . 
the young boy is on a farm . 
the roller coaster ride is empty . 
the roller coaster ride is filled with people . 
the roller coaster ride is made from wood . 
a clown is performing a unicycle trick . 
a man is riding a unicycle . 
a man is holding a unicycle in a curious manner . 
a kid is practicing a complicated karate move . 
a kid is practicing . 
a man is practicing a karate move . 
a young man waits outdoors in london on a bench . 
the young man is 60 years old . 
the advertisements behind him are for a food . 
the kids are at the beach in the sand . 
the kids are enemies . 
the kids are playing soccer . 
some of the lights are yellow . 
there is a light show . 
all of the lights are dimmed . 
a band is playing a song for an audience . 
a band is playing a concert in a packed stadium . 
sasquatch is strumming a wicked bass solo . 
a football player is holding a ball . 
a man has dropped a ball . 
a quarterback is holding a ball . 
the woman is running down the path ,  jogging with earphones in her ears . 
there is one woman in this picture . 
the woman is waiting for her boyfriend at the local bus stop . 
a group of people are standing around with smiles are their faces ,  and in the background are more people and handmade signs . 
there are a few unhappy people here . 
there is a group of people standing around and smiling . 
a fan has his moment
the moment the fan saw the light
the moment has it ' s fan
the man is eating a taco in the middle of the ocean . 
the man is wearing khakis . 
a boy is watching the ocean . 
a boy is standing in sand . 
a boy is watching a boat float by . 
a group of men are indoors watching football while it snows outside . 
a group of women went for a motorcycle ride . 
three women are talking and there is a woman on a motorcyle . 
a man is talking to his wife on the phone . 
a man is in his house . 
a man is laying on the couch as he talks on the phone . 
the officers are outside . 
the police are controlling an unruly crowd . 
the cops are sitting in a donut shop . 
street vendors are skillfully grilling food for customers . 
a restaurant is preparing and serving grilled food . 
food is being prepared and served . 
a man has surfed for an hour
a man sleeps in bed
a man surfs
a woman swims by herself through the waves . 
the man is windsurfing on the ocean . 
a windsurfer realizes his trick has gone wrong and he is going to crash . 
some people are sitting in a lounge . 
a crowd is watching people dance . 
a crowd is watching a talent show . 
a sad man is using what looks to be a fax machine . 
a person is using what looks to be a fax machine . 
a woman is using what looks to be a fax machine . 
a child is smiling as he watches a clown . 
a child is performing brain surgery . 
a young kid is smiling . 
an asian man walks a three-wheeled pedal card fully of white bags and he can be seen leaving the store . 
an asian man transports a group of bags . 
an asian man walks his dog on a rainy afternoon . 
a man is practicing his religion . 
the man is making noise and bothering others . 
the man has been buddhist his whole life . 
the band is playing music
the band is playing rock music
the band is playing music at a large venue
two people are climbing something . 
two men are playing soccer in the field . 
two brothers are climbing a tree to get down their frisbee . 
a boy skateboarding in the summer on a street
a boy swimming in the ocean
a boy engaged in a leisure activity
two people are occupied with different content . 
the man with the ipad is older than the woman reading the book . 
a man and woman are on a boat in the middle of the sea . 
a dog runs far
a man cleans outside his work
a man sweeps
the group of people are part of a cult . 
the group of people are scuba divers . 
the group of people are dressed alike . 
a saleswoman in a market . 
a dog sells a woman a hat . 
a woman sells her wares in a busy market . 
two workers blowing leaves on a fall day
two workers with leaf blowers blow leaves at each other for  fun
two people outdoors
boy in a pool
boy playing in the sandbox
boy cooling off during the summer
the  people are in africa
the people are walking in the dirt
the men are working
the men are construction workers
the men are sleeping
guy sitting on fence . 
guys working outside . 
men working to build a fence for customers . 
the guy in the green cap just got home . 
a man in the crowd is wearing his hat backwards . 
the man in the green cap finds something funny . 
a fat woman is wearing a shirt . 
a fat woman is topless . 
a fat woman is wearing pants . 
a man is swimming in an indoor pool . 
a man is teaching his granddaughter to swim . 
a boy is swimming in the ocean . 
the man is chopping wood with a hammer . 
a man is cutting wood . 
the man is outside . 
a man on crutches is trying to cross the street . 
a man with a walking stick is next to the street . 
an man on crutches is outside . 
these two men are relaxing by the pool . 
two people work outside . 
two men work outdoors . 
a cowboy is swimming in the arena
a cowboy is riding a bronco outside . 
the young man is a guitar player
the man is a janice joplin fan . 
the man is playing an acoustic guitar . 
a young woman drank a lot of soda . 
an old man collects soda cans . 
an old man smiles in front of soda cans . 
the bubble machine makes candy . 
a toddler and little girl are blowing bubbles . 
sisters are using a bubble machine to blow big bubbles . 
the two men are taking a lunch break . 
two men are standing near an idling bulldozer . 
the two men are back at the office . 
they are playing soccer outside . 
there are two soccer players . 
people are playing baseball . 
the boy  was listening to music
a old man was talking
the boy was listening
the musician is at home sleeping
the musician is performing
the musician is performing his favorite song
man stares at a painting in a museum . 
man staring off into the distance . 
man stares off into the distance at the incoming clouds . 
the three adults are outside in the garden . 
they are planting flowers . 
the basketball players are playing ball . 
they plan to go throw rocks into the water
they bike around together laughing gleefully
the man and his follows walk along outside
a dog is being groomed at a parlor . 
a dog runs in the grass . 
a beagle runs in the grass . 
the husband mows the lawn . 
a male is engaging in something acrobatic . 
the circus performer wows the crowd with his feat . 
the man is street performer . 
a man is standing on his hands . 
the kid is standing on two hands in the street . 
the child is swimming at the pool . 
the child has sand on him or her . 
the child is dead . 
the girl is sitting on the beach . 
a young girl enjoys a moment on the beach while she is on vacation . 
the girl runs through the grass outside her school . 
a man is near a desk and a computer . 
a man in a gray shirt is outdoors . 
a man in a gray shirt is working on a novel . 
a bicycle is being ridden
a man is suntanning on a cave
the man is chasing after his daughter
the male rollerblader is skillfully riding the stair railing . 
the rollderblader is using the rail . 
the skateboarder rides the rail . 
a boy is playing army with action figures on rocks . 
a girl is having a tea party in her room . 
a boy is playing on rocks . 
the man cut the ice wrong . 
the man is cutting through ice . 
the man is running around his house . 
the man bet the other man to eat 40 cookies
both men were stuffing their faces
the man was laughing at the man who was stuffing his face
three small dogs run on the moon
three small dogs run through the grass during the day
there are animals outdoors
a male has clothes on and is outside walking down the street . 
the man is sleeping in his jail cell . 
the man who just purchased a pinstriped suit for a formal dinner didn ' t notice the poster to his left that shows a man wearing the same suit . 
the two women are amused . 
the women are angry . 
the women just heard a joke . 
a woman sets up a camera to capture pictures of the night sky
a woman with a red hat sets up a camera on a tripod
a woman is setting up a camera on a tripod
the person is outdoors . 
the bike is black . 
the man is indoors . 
the man is protesting for better wages . 
a woman grabs a man ' s crotch during a protest . 
the man is making a crude gesture . 
a dog and cow are playing with hay . 
a dog and cow are outside . 
a dog and cow are chasing the horse . 
a young man is grilling food . 
a young man is grilling hotdogs for a memorial day party . 
a young man is grilling fish in his underwear . 
people look at their reflection in new york city . 
people checking out their reflection . 
people look their reflection in a regular mirror . 
a kid is playing inside the house . 
a kid is in a wagon . 
a kid is in a wagon and someone is pulling it . 
someone made one of the girls cry . 
two girls are wearing blue shirts . 
two boys are playing together . 
four friends at the beach pose in the water . 
four friends pose for a photo on their ski holiday . 
four people pose for an outdoor photo . 
a female is outside ,  standing . 
a woman is posing for a selfie . 
a woman is sitting at her desk . 
a man is watching another man skateboard at a park . 
a man is showing off to his girlfriend while doing tricks on a dirt bike . 
a man is on a motorbike . 
there are 3 people with blindfolds
they are protesting
they can all see
a machine takes down architecture as a man sprays water on it . 
a man throws rocks at a wall . 
the building is being painted . 
the demolition vehicle is being operated . 
the man is spraying water on the rubble so that it doesn ' t get too dusty as the building is demolished . 
a woman with two blue cars sits in a parking lot
a woman rests near her baby
a girl eats on a bench near a stroller
a group of schoolchildren are working on a gingerbread house neighborhood for class . 
a man is yelling at his son about the broken television behind them . 
more than one person is working on edible buildings . 
people are sitting . 
everyone is sleeping . 
a group of women are knitting . 
the girl in a pink dress uses an umbrella for a sun shade . 
the girl in pink holding an umbrella . 
the girl in a blue dress is standing in the rain with an umbrella . 
a woman is active
a woman is practicing for the olympics
the woman is cooking in the kitchen
the women are driving down the road . 
women are watching a parade . 
they think the men are handsome . 
a woman is looking at a phtographer
a woman is tying her shoes
a woman wants a new facebook picture of her at the aquarium
the kid is in front of the tree
the kid is on saturn
the kid is in front of the tree on christmas eve
man out for a jog . 
man in relaxed clothing lounging in a chair watching tv
man sitting in a red chair flipping through tv channels . 
a man is relaxing
he is watching the news
the man is standing in the kitchen
a boy is playing with a toy car . 
a boy is outside playing . 
a boy is doing homework . 
a woman exercising for the day . 
a man cooking at home . 
a woman jogging in a park . 
two opponents are getting ready to face off in a hockey game . 
two men are getting ready to play basketball . 
hockey players are standing on the ice rink . 
people rushing to get to work . 
people rushing to get to work in a busy city cause they are late . 
people waiting at a bus stop . 
a woman is portioning out soup for the workers . 
a woman is measuring out wine from a barrel . 
a woman is handling food containers . 
a construction man takes a break to salute the flag . 
a man saluting the american flag . 
a lady is taking pictures at a party . 
a lady uses a camera . 
a lady is filming the party . 
the woman is playing baseball . 
a man is going to play baseball . 
the man is on a team . 
the girl is riding down a dirt street
the women rides a scooter down the street
the girl is wearing a black dress and a blue purse
a boy is getting splashed . 
the boy is having fun . 
the boy is not wet . 
a woman is wearing a silk shirt . 
a woman is wearing a shirt . 
a woman is in the shower . 
a person is holding a tennis racket . 
a person is standing on a tennis court . 
the person is taking a nap in their bed . 
the guy is hunting in the woods . 
a man is working outside . 
a man is checking the telephone wires . 
the stockings are white and purple . 
the boots have a hole in them . 
a person is wearing boots . 
the restaurant is open at night . 
a nighttime scene of an apartment building . 
the restaurant is about to close . 
the guy is dancing to michael jackson
the guy in the sweatshirt uses the power saw
the guy in the sweatshirt uses the power saw to saw wood for a house
two women arm wrestle in a bar
a woman runs quickly down a road
a lady runs wearing red and black
a dad took his child to a museum to see a famous painting . 
a male has clothes on with his hand holding another young male in front of a painting . 
a dad and his kid is fishing in the middle of the pacific ocean . 
people eat chunks of meat . 
people drink a beverage . 
people drink beer at the pub . 
there is only one person present . 
there are multiple people present . 
the ninja costumes are black . 
a group are celebrating the 4th of july . 
the group are celebrating christmas . 
a man is competing with others on a soccor court
a man is preaparing to play a game
a man is a t a soccor court
one player on the women ' s beach volleyball team jumps to spike the ball as her teammate looks on . 
a group of women are soaked from the rain . 
some women are playing a sport . 
two men in cultural garb are playing drums among a crowd . 
two men in cultural garb play the drums for a crowd . 
the two dogs are playing with a frisbee . 
the two dogs are outside . 
the two dogs are resting in the field . 
a man and his son are looking at something . 
a woman and her dog are eating breakfast . 
a man and a child look at something . 
a person is windsurfing . 
the windsurfer is having fun . 
no one is windsurfing . 
the people are on the famous steps rocky runs up in a training montage . 
the people are all running very fast in the boston marathon . 
people are taking a break from their activities . 
a man stands on his tip toes in front of two people . 
a man missing his legs sits in a wheelchair . 
a short man stands on his tip toes in front of two people . 
the woman is asian . 
the woman is in a wheelchair . 
a woman is walking past a brick wall . 
a group of people are helping an accident victim on the highway . 
some firemen are putting out a fire . 
a group of people are turning over a car . 
a woman is looking for bread in her kitchen cupboards . 
a woman is talking on the phone in her bedroom . 
a woman is wearing an apron . 
two women are talking . 
two people are drinking . 
a boy is pushing the scooter . 
the girl is wearing shoes
a girl is pushing a scooter . 
a child sits next to a storm drain . 
a child is sitting next to a computer desk . 
a man is playing an instrument . 
a man is playing at the music festival . 
a man is singing with a band . 
an old couple walking ,  holding hands
a couple dancing to music
people walking outside
a woman struggles to swim after falling into a strong current . 
a woman is wakeboarding . 
a woman lays on a pool float . 
the right leg is in a brace
the boy is walking around
the boy is not happy
the girl is jumping . 
the girl is jumping because she is happy . 
the girl is jumping in the air ,  while she is at the beach . 
a boy playing
boy swinging
boy swimming
a woman picks a flower out of a bucket . 
a woman picks a flower for her mother . 
a man writes in a journal . 
a mass of people moving the same way . 
a mass of people moving in the same direction in order to find the object . 
a few people walked in random directions . 
the bmx rider is at home watching the x games . 
the bmx rider is getting dirt on his clothes . 
the bmx rider is riding a two wheeled vehicle . 
a group of construction workers is taking a break . 
a soccer team is standing outside of a building . 
a construction crew is sitting and standing next to a building . 
two young people are in love . 
two young people are angry . 
two young people sit in a black chair happily . 
two people sign copies of books . 
a man in a colorful shirt and a lady in a white blouse give candy to people . 
two people sign copies of their latest novel . 
the men are playing wind instruments . 
they are working near a brick building . 
two workers are working . 
a contractor looks at the job
a man stands in a construction site
a cat meows
two men lie in the sand of a desert . 
a couple people enjoy the water near the mountains . 
the dogs are chasing a ball . 
the tennis ball is clean . 
the tennis ball was thrown really far . 
a lumberjack harvesting massive redwoods . 
a smiling man with his pink spring trees . 
a person surrounded by spring trees . 
a man alone at home
a man alone in the park
a man alone in the park up to no good
the person is jumping on a trampoline . 
there is a person outside . 
a man is outside . 
two small children walk towards their parents in a field . 
two small children are sitting down ,  eating ice cream . 
two small children walk outdoors . 
kids are walking through a mall . 
kids are walking in a field . 
kids are playing in the field . 
a team of polo players are practicing with their horses . 
some people are riding bicycles . 
a group of siblings are riding their bikes to school . 
the man is selling pirated dvds
the man is intelligent
a man has long red hair
skateboarders race for money . 
two snowboarders race . 
two skateboarders race . 
a woman is smiling . 
the woman is frowning . 
the woman is happy . 
a biker is riding for a charity event through the center of town . 
a biker is close to the fountain . 
a biker rides next to the ocean . 
a gymnast scanning a crowd for familiar faces . 
a gymnast nervously scans a crowd for her parents before performing the routine that will reveal she hadn ' t been attending her lessons . 
luchadores force all other athletes off a competition field with their furious grappling . 
a gal is holding a stuffed dog . 
a woman is holding a stuffed animal . 
a female is posing for the camera . 
nobody has a trumpet
a human with a trumpet
a great human with a big trumpet
a kid looks out of a window . 
a child is being held by his mother at the mall . 
a blond haired kid looks through his front door at the mailman . 
the fighter plane is in korea . 
the fighter plane has no one inside of it . 
the fighter jet plane is not moving . 
a couple are kissing on new years eve as the ball drops . 
a couple is throwing food at passing cars . 
a couple is going to kiss . 
the ballerina is sleeping soundly . 
the ballerina hates this . 
the ballerina ' s leg is lifted behind her . 
the man in the black hat is sitting on a park bench watching the kids swing . 
the man in the black hat is about to jump off the swing to impress the kids . 
a man in a black hat is swinging with some children . 
a man is painting new york city . 
a man is painting outside . 
a man is painting some dolphins . 
the woman is sitting . 
the woman is standing . 
the woman sitting is asian . 
a train conductor is standing in a door . 
the conductor is walking in a field . 
a man is wearing coveralls . 
a group of dogs are racingon a track . 
people are betting on dogs at a track . 
dogs are chasing bunnies in a field . 
a costume is being worn by a performer . 
the actor playing voldemort is wearing a scary mask and a black and white robe . 
the performer is naked . 
people are outdoors . 
actors are on broadway . 
professional actors are doing summer stock . 
the group of adults are crying hysterially . 
the group of adults is happy . 
they are all under 21 at a club . 
the young white girl is sitting by the sidewalk . 
the young white girl is outdoors . 
the young white girl is standing on a street while it ' s sunny outside . 
a truck is on it ' s side . 
an off-roading truck was totalled . 
a ferrari goes through the drive-thru . 
the man is outdoors walking . 
the man is walking to the supermarket . 
the man is running down the street . 
the woman has sounds emanting from her mouth . 
the woman is armenian . 
the men are naked . 
people shopping for veggies and fruit at a market . 
people shopping for veggies at a nice market . 
people shopping for junk at a flea market . 
four young boys wearing blue jeans and white shirts lounge in a living room . 
four clothed children relaxing in a room . 
three middle aged men work at desks . 
man takes library books back from customers . 
man sells books to crowd . 
man handling books while sitting in chair . 
camel rider going over a bump . 
motorcycle rider going over a big bump . 
motorcycle rider riding over a bump . 
three women are sitting on a blanket . 
two men are sitting together at a park . 
two men are sitting down . 
there are five individuals near a building . 
the people are friends . 
the people are seated next to a building . 
the boy is in his room . 
a boy is running outside . 
the boy is in a park . 
two people are riding on bikes outside . 
two people are hiking up a mountain . 
two people are in a bike race . 
children are eating cereal . 
children are sleeping . 
children are eating . 
a woman is climbing a mountain . 
a woman is skiing . 
a woman is skiing down a hill in colorado . 
a guy is doing skateboard tricks outside a building to promote a movie . 
a person with a dark top is outside doing something active . 
two men are pointing guns at each other on a dusty trail . 
a princess in white dress was there in crowd
people were chasing the white dressed angel
nobody seen her when the angel came on earth
lady with matching pink bag and blouse reaches toward man next to her . 
lady in pink reaches to shake hands with man sitting beside her . 
lady in red storms out of a cafe . 
a tall woman in a red jacket and sunglasses smiles at the camera
a woman in a red jacket and sunglasses smiles at the camera
a woman in a red jacket and sunglasses eats the camera
there are dogs . 
the dogs are sitting still . 
there are two groups of dogs ,  some are loose . 
two men wrestle in uniform . 
two men enjoy a nice canadian maple syrup on their pancake breakfast . 
two men wrestle in national competition . 
students are inside of a movie theater
students are inside of a museum
a teacher is trying to have her class enjoy a field trip
there are twelve police cars in the photo . 
the six people are all police . 
there are two police vehicles in the photo . 
a group of swimmers are jumping into water . 
a group of swimmers are sitting on an airplane on the way to their swimming competition . 
a group of swimmers jump into a pool during a swim meet . 
a man standing with his purchases of the day . 
a man in a white turban holds an empty basket . 
the person is sitting at home watching television . 
there are lots of fish landing on the person ' s line today . 
two boys in bed . 
two children sleeping in a bedroom . 
children playing in the park . 
three women play the drums
three brothers pound on some drums
three men pound on some drums
two men are working on machinery on the famed titanic
two men in workers gear are on a large ship with machinery
two men are sitting by the pool next to machinery on the boat
a lady is eating sushi at her desk . 
a lady just exited starbucks . 
there are fans drinking beer at a sporting event . 
the fans are wearing blue and red for a sporting event . 
there are fans at a sporting event . 
the chef is dicing fish with his knife . 
the chef is at home ,  fast asleep . 
the chef is preparing sushi . 
the crowd is a mob
a crwod is cheering
the crowd is on planet mars
the woman is doing a solo piece at church . 
a woman is playing her instrument . 
the woman is playing the piano on the stage . 
a man rock climbing after nearly falling to his death . 
a man rock climbing . 
a man reading a book . 
a man and wife sit outside with their children . 
there is a family sitting outside with their children . 
a father is walking the dog with his children . 
two police officers in yellow reflective jackets are standing in a shopping zone
two police officers in yellow reflective jackets are standing in a busy shopping zone
the bridge is wood
the men are nervous
the bridge is metal
the woman is on a float
the woman has make-up on her body
the woman is surfing
one of the men is actually sasquatch . 
the three men are wealthy businessman who own the company ' s whose logos they are standing in front of . 
there are three men sitting at a poker table . 
three men are celebrating a business achievement . 
three men are dressed in suits . 
the officers are actually security guards . 
the mall cops patrol a store . 
a couple cops keep an eye on the parking lot . 
a man is outdoors
a snowboarder is performing tricks . 
a person is ice skating . 
a pro snowboarder is competing in the olympics . 
the snowboarder is sitting in a jacuzzi . 
the snowboarder is grinding a rail . 
a snowboarder is practicing a new trick . 
the child is sitting on a bed . 
a child is playing outside on a jungle gym . 
a barefoot child has shoes nearby . 
a mother and daughter are chatting . 
the females are sitting . 
the women are standing and frowning . 
people are surrounded by flowers . 
people are moving a sofa . 
people are picking flowers . 
a young girl with glasses holds two ice cream cones . 
a young girl celebrates the 4th of july by holding two flags . 
there are 4 female humans who are moving . 
a group of girls and women are laughing as they cross the road . 
four male humans crossing the road . 
there are a group of people
the group is on vacation
the group is at home
the man is sitting on the curb with a woman . 
a man on the steps is being photographed by a girl . 
the woman is taking the man ' s photo for a magazine . 
people are looking inside
people are looking outside
the crowd is all men
the boy is asleep . 
the boy is outdoors . 
the boy is playing with toys . 
the man in the yellow jacket is having fun . 
the man is outside . 
the man is sitting on a chair in his house . 
the woman is wearing a bathing suit . 
the woman is doing laundry . 
the woman is wearing a dress . 
two dogs sleep in a dog bed . 
two dogs are playing catch at the park . 
two dogs are playing together . 
treasure hunters flock to an estate sale ,  with a lot of antique furniture for sale . 
people are indoors . 
a happy couple share a picnic basket for a lunch date at the park . 
four men and a young boy are at the lake swimming . 
the group of men are teaching the boy how to make wood crafts . 
five total people are near a table with objects on it . 
a woman is doing laundry . 
nobody is doing laundry at the laundromat . 
a woman is folding her pants at the laundromat . 
two bears are looking at each other with mouths open . 
five foxes are looking at each other . 
two bears are facing each other in the woods with their mouths open . 
the man is last place in the race . 
the man is running a marathon . 
the man is currently competing . 
the children are in the water . 
the children are playing marco polo . 
the children are studying fractions inside the classroom . 
the rider is in the air . 
a motocross rider performs a trick during a competition . 
a girl rides a scooter through the grass . 
the man in playing a bango inside a bar . 
the man has a great singing voice . 
a man is playing a guitar outside . 
a man asleep on his snowboard . 
a guy riding a skateboard . 
a guy riding a skateboard in the rain . 
a person is driving in front of other people . 
a race car driver is doing laps in front of other people . 
a biker is getting ready to race against his opponents . 
the old man is playing the guitar . 
a group of old people are outdoors playing music . 
the old people are sleeping in the living room . 
a happy kid and some flowers . 
a kid and some flowers . 
an old person in a field of poppies . 
a dog has its mouth open . 
a yawning dog is tired and sleepy . 
a dog is singing the national anthem . 
a boy is playing with a firetruck . 
a girl is holding a bib . 
a girl just finished eating . 
people are at a nascar race
people are boarding and disembarking some boats
people are starting and leaving a fishing boat tour
people waiting for their grandmother to let them in a home . 
people waiting in line at a fast food restaurant . 
people standing outside of a house . 
the dog is red
the dog is large
the dog is happy
someone was trying to take a shortcut home . 
a scooter rider wearing casual clothes races past a building . 
a bike rider wearing racing gear pedals a bike past the fence . 
the man brought his horse to the office . 
the man works in the office . 
the man is in an office . 
the male is playing in a tournament . 
the male has at least one prosthetic leg . 
the male is playing soccer . 
a man skates outside . 
a man yawns and stretches ,  tired from a day of work . 
two women in tank tops drinking
two topless women are making out . 
two women are on vacation getting drunk . 
a group of people doesn ' t care about the stadium they are sitting in . 
a group of people are excited to be here . 
a group of people are unhappy to be at the stadium . 
nobody has a hat
a tall person with a hat
a person with a hat
the young men are working outside . 
the young men are working to level an area of the yard to put in a new basketball court . 
the young men laze about on the beach ,  sunning themselves in the afternoon sun . 
two fishermen are emptying their catch from a barrel . 
a man and woman are emptying the barrel . 
two men are emptying a barrel . 
a woman cuts eggplant . 
a man approaches a woman ' s house on business . 
a man looks mysterious . 
a man is seated
the man is a barber
the man is standing in the roof
an old man rides a skateboard . 
a person rides a skateboard well . 
a person rides a skateboard . 
he is getting dizzy . 
he is outside . 
he can carry the tunnel home . 
enjoy the town on foot or by bike . 
local robbers escape after stealing an otter
bike rental as low as 9 . 99 an hour . 
the man and the boy are buying shoes . 
the little boy and the man sit behind the car ' s steering wheel . 
the man behind the wheel is teaching the boy about cars . 
three men are holding hands . 
three men are performing a ritual . 
three men are fighting . 
the flautist plays a lullaby . 
the country road has a walker wearing green . 
a gil runs down the road with her cat . 
they are about to plan a score . 
they are huddled together because they are working together . 
the group of athletes all can breathe underwater . 
the runner is posing for a picture . 
the runner just got first place . 
the runner has no friends . 
a nurse taking the temperature of a woman . 
a woman in the doctors office . 
a woman getting her annual check up . 
the surface of the earth is visible . 
the sun is at its highest point of the day . 
the faces of the people are visible
the female ice skaters are competing in a tournament . 
two female synchronized swimmers are in the pool . 
two females holding each other . 
a man is taking a wedding photo in front of a pond . 
a man is using the restroom . 
a man is in front of water . 
there is one man in this picture ,  and he is outside . 
the man is cleaning up his yard after the bad thunderstorm the evening before . 
the man is sipping an ice tea in the shade of a huge maple tree . 
the sky is blue with a single puffy cloud . 
the man is sitting down . 
the man is doing a trick on his skis . 
people are making music together . 
a man is playing the trumpet on the street corner . 
a band is auditioning for the owners of a nightclub . 
some children are looking
some children are looking while some ladies stand
some children are sleeping
the water sprays on the boy . 
the young boy is standing inside . 
the boy is standing near a water fountain . 
the dog was indoors by the fire . 
the dog is outside . 
the dog was a husky . 
nobody is dancing . 
dancing is going on a room . 
dancing is going on in a big room . 
two cars are parked in a garage not moving . 
the red and blue cars are racing for the finish line . 
two cars are racing . 
the man is training some guys
the man is at the supermarket . 
the man is wearing green
superman single handedly cures the disease
a group shows up to an event to support research on parkinsons
they show up to donate and support for the fight against the disease
the person is riding there bike to lunch . 
there is a person with a green backpack . 
the person is walking . 
a woman talking to a stranger . 
a woman talking to someone . 
a woman dancing in the street . 
some people are outside kneeling . 
a group of people holding cats take a picture . 
a group of people are part of a dog lover ' s group . 
a woman cuts herself . 
a man races on a four wheeler in a charity event . 
a man racing on a dirt track . 
a blond woman is holding a camera and looking at a wall with several pieces of sharks on it . 
a woman is helping her friend take a picture . 
a woman is looking at a camera . 
a child is playing in the park . 
a girl is inside playing a board game . 
a boy is playing with other children . 
a boy is playing with a ball . 
a boy is playing a nintendo ds with his sister who he loves . 
a boy is playing a nintendo ds with his sister . 
a player in white readies to hit with his baseball bat ,  while a player in orange motions to pitch the ball . 
two people are playing ball . 
the player in white and the player in orange are participating in a pick-up game of basketball at the gym . 
two men are playing . 
two men are fighting each other to the death . 
two men are playing during a college basketball game . 
a few dogs are running to their owner . 
a dog is sitting in a car . 
two dogs are moving . 
women are playing ping pong . 
one woman really sucks at playing ping pong . 
women are reading books . 
people on their last day of work
there are people outside at night
workers are blinded by the sun
this woman is on a shopping trip . 
a young girl is blowing bubbles . 
the sun was shining during the soccer match . 
the soccer game is being played at night . 
the opposing team is winning the evening soccer match . 
a man by a full shopping cart . 
a clean shaven man with an empty blue shopping cart . 
a homeless man with a shopping cart . 
a sad woman wearing very formal colorful clothing and she seems to be dancing . 
a man wearing very formal colorful clothing and she seems to be dancing . 
a person wearing very formal colorful clothing and she seems to be dancing . 
the people are taking a break from riding their bikes . 
people are sitting on their unicycles . 
the bicycles are besides the people . 
two men standing together are dressed up . 
the two men are at a wedding . 
the two men are wearing surfer shorts and tank tops . 
a man painting a car . 
a man drawing . 
a man drawing a caricature of his wife . 
roller derby players laying down after the match . 
roller derby players skating around the rink at practice . 
roller derby players skating around the rink . 
fierce competition in the roller derby women ' s final match ensues . 
there is a roller derby match involving women . 
a rollerskater behind the pack . 
a rollerskater pulling away from the pack . 
a skater ahead of the competition in a race . 
the man is eating chocolate ice cream . 
the man is eating sushi in his bathtub . 
the man is outdoors . 
there is an older man teaching his grandson how to play golf . 
there are people of differing ages outside playing golf . 
there are two men boxing at a crowded gym . 
workers having a coffee break
workers removing ice from a walkway in front of a school
workers outside on a slippery walkway
some asian women are walking in the field of rice . 
the old asian women are chasing each other . 
two asian women are wearing hats . 
there is only one person present . 
they are wearing all black gear . 
there are multiple people present . 
people standing at a beach being filmed by cameras . 
a group of people standing at a beach filled with cameras . 
people sitting on top of a deck near a beach . 
a man and woman prepare to record a scene
a man and woman working on a washing machine
two people setup a device
two children are looking at a city street through binoculars . 
two children are looking through a telescope together at a city street . 
two children are testing out their new telescope and seeing what they can see on the street . 
there are two individuals
the people are together
the people are on a bike
a young child is visiting the beach with his family on their summer vacation . 
there is one child in this picture . 
a young child is swinging on a swing set at his local city park . 
the woman who is shown lives in the south . 
everybody visible is dressed extremely formally . 
something alcoholic is visible . 
a man stands by some boxes near a dumpster . 
a man stands near a load of boxes on fire . 
a man stands by boxes . 
the man is wearing nothing but a t shirt . 
the man just went shopping at the grocery store . 
the man is wearing a jacket . 
a group of protestors engages with a woman inside an auditorium . 
a woman yells while a groups of people gathers . 
a protest is assembling . 
people stand outside of the building ,  awaiting the all clear after a fire drill . 
people gather in front of a building . 
people walk back inside the building . 
a health worker is evaluating a girl . 
a health worker is evaluating the health of a young boy . 
a health worker is evaluating a girl on her sickness . 
someone pours water into a bottle
a girl pours water into an empty coca cola bottle
a girl pours water into the ocean
there is mud on the rugby players . 
the men are perfectly free of mud . 
it rained recently . 
a woman holds an axe . 
a man holds a sword . 
a woman holds a metal axe . 
the man is fixing a bike . 
the roofer is outside working . 
the roofer is putting on shingles . 
a man sits on the floor
a guy in brown jumps up in a room with a  wood floor
a man jumps high
a man is jumping . 
a man is walking down the street . 
a man is performing in front of a crowd . 
women selling fruits
black women on the  beach
asian women at a market
it is raining outside . 
the fresh food market is closed . 
the umbrellas are open . 
construction worker at work
this worker is in charge of everyone
the worker is building a base on mars
the basketball player on the white team makes the basket . 
a basketball player is trying to make a shot while two players try to block it . 
three men are playing cards at starbucks . 
two people are outdoors . 
the diver is swimming up to the water surface . 
two people are out looking for a good camping spot . 
the woman reading book in the hall
the woman holding book and yellow paper star with smiling
the woman holding book with smiling in the home
the woman is frowning . 
the young girl is wearing a red shirt . 
the girl is smiling because she is having fun . 
they are girls there too
the child was happy`
two girls were ther
a man is painting a wall . 
a man is scrubbing graffiti off the wall . 
a shirtless man paints a wall red . 
the man is riding on the sidewalk . 
the man is riding fast down a trail . 
he is heading to the cabin down the trail . 
two men bellydance
someone dances while a man holds a paddle
a guy paddles for his wife
asians spot what they think is a ufo and take pictures . 
asians play soccer in the park . 
asians take pictures . 
a group of friends watches a movie inside . 
a group stands on the street in front of a brick wall . 
a group of friends poses for a picture in front of a brick wall . 
the person is stealing display boards . 
a man is buying a lottery ticket . 
the man is pushing a cart down the road . 
a nascar is being watched . 
a racecar is being watched . 
there are no cars at the racetrack today . 
the man and woman are running in a marathon . 
the man and woman are outdoors . 
the man and woman are walking . 
the woman is sitting . 
nobody is reading a book . 
the woman is in a library . 
a woman is reading . 
a scientist studies a slide that is related to her invention . 
a woman standing near a microscope . 
the town is totally dark . 
there are lights in the town . 
the town has snow on the ground . 
the pants are long . 
the pants are new . 
the town is well-populated . 
a person at the movies
a student studying for a big exam
a person with a book
someone has taken a photo . 
there is a photo of mt everest . 
the photo was taken on a cloudy night . 
young boy has many toy trucks
young boy sits inside
young boy plays outside
the man is wearing the costume . 
the costume is green . 
the costume is promoting the man ' s work . 
the person is moving her hand . 
the person is alone in the middle of the ocean . 
the person is marching in a parade . 
men on bikes go over a sand hill to get to the finish line . 
men walk their bikes after getting flat tires . 
men on bikes go over a sand hill . 
a couple enjoying some alone time . 
a couple are having a photoshoot . 
a couple are having their wedding picture taken . 
the men all know each other . 
two men are posing . 
four men are posing . 
an asian woman is dancing . 
an asian woman is dancing sexily . 
an asian man is dancing . 
a dog is playing outside . 
a dog returns a toy to its owner . 
a white dog stole a toy . 
a boy is pretending to be a cowboy . 
a boy rides a horse . 
a boy is sleeping . 
a man wearing his traditional ethnic clothing sobs relentlessly as he views a show . 
a man is laughing as he watches a show in a theater . 
a man is standing . 
a man is sitting on a dock . 
a man with brown hair is standing on a dock . 
a man is raising his arm to get someones attention . 
the man has a two boomboxes on his shoulders . 
a man is raising his arm . 
a man rides a white horse while wearing a cowboy hat and a another horse rides beside him . 
a motorcycle and a van ride next to each other . 
a man rides a black motorcycle while wearing a helmet and a pizza delivery van rides beside him in the distance . 
the burning blue building will turn to dust after an hour . 
the burning blue building smells of smoke
the red truck is a fire truck . 
two belly dancers perform
two dancers are making money
two men are walking
a woman is a good surfer . 
a woman is surfing in her pool . 
the woman is out shopping at the mall . 
the woman is cooking something exciting . 
the woman is in a kitchen . 
a person in clothing
some humans in green clothing
nobody is here . 
a soccer player gets ready to kick the ball after a penalty . 
a football player gets ready to throw the ball . 
a soccer player gets ready to kick the ball . 
a man is walking on sunshine . 
a man is digging the snow outside . 
a man is trying to get to something by digging . 
two people play flag football . 
two people play baseball . 
two people on oposite teams play flag football . 
two people are playing flag football at the park . 
two people are playing flag football . 
two people are enjoying ice cream . 
it is morning . 
the musicians are care free . 
musicians are passionate about music . 
the group is in a classroom . 
the group of people is outside playing basketball . 
some people have questions . 
some people outdoors . 
people getting ready to enter a vehicle . 
some men driving down a road . 
a child is about to hit the panda with a stick . 
a child is crying because he didn ' t get cake
the female is wearing a ponytail
the man has long hair
the female is wearing her hair up
a man sips whisky
two women sit in a cafe
a guy with a hat sits with a glass
a woman holds her baby . 
a person is watching tv . 
a woman is dressed . 
a dog is playing drums . 
a man and woman collect money for playing . 
a man and woman make music . 
the stage is empty
the two musicians are playing the trumpet
two people on a stage
there are people outside
the people are on a family picnic . 
the people are swimming in the lake . 
there is a girl holding a beer bottle . 
a girl with short hair and a blue shirt is holding a beer bottle
the girl has just got down drinking the whole bottle . 
the mother and daughter are meeting . 
the mother and daughter are meeting over lunch . 
the mother and daughter are fighitn . 
the surgeons are operating on a male patient . 
the woman has cancer . 
the surgeons are operating . 
kids share a drink . 
a boy denies his sister a drink . 
kids don ' t share water . 
there ' s a lady with ginger hair
the lady is jumping up and down
a lady is sitting at a table outside
people are mourning at a funeral . 
people are celebrating with music and costumes . 
the people are celebrating new years eve . 
a small group of men clad in summery clothing are standing on sandy palm tree lined beach . 
three young people are putting on suntan location while standing on the beach together . 
three guys are sitting at a picnic table the beach while admiring the sunny day . 
couple go out for their first surfing session as a couple . 
couples rowing on surfboards . 
couple going fishing . 
the child slides into the pool . 
the kid is playing at the waterpark . 
the kid is riding a bike . 
the girl sold some cookies . 
an old man is riding a bike with a blue laundry hamper that is full of clothes on his handlebars . 
a man is on his bike with a laundry hamper . 
an old woman is in a kitchen . 
an old woman is baking . 
an old woman is frying chicken . 
there is a boy in a tree . 
there is a girl outdoors . 
the girl is playing hide and seek . 
a man sits near a table with his drinks
a woman sits on a table
a man sits outside by a table
a grounds crew maintain a park . 
a baseball player slides into home plate . 
men are playing basketball . 
kids are playing soccer . 
some children are playing soccer by a school . 
two kiled men hold bagpipes
two men are friends
two woman are dancing
a high school band eating spaghetti on pluto . 
a high school band prepares to play in front of a large crowd . 
a high school band prepares themselves to put on a musical performance . 
a woman is on a rooftop . 
a woman is enjoying the outside weather
a fat blonde is eating a hot dog
children are playing . 
children are body slamming each other . 
a man is standing by himself ,  playing guitar on the sidewalk . 
the people are waiting for their performance to start . 
people are standing on stage . 
the audience watches as the actors in the dim haze ,  ready their lines for the first scene . 
at a rock concert ,  the audience screams and cries at the handsome singer and his bass guitarist . 
in a dim room ,  several actors who can barely see each other ,  are getting ready to act . 
a man plays tennis . 
chewie does the limbo . 
someone takes a swing at a ball . 
a man is trekking through the snow with ski poles . 
a camper with ski poles walks towards his campground . 
a hockey goalie earns his keep
a soccer player guards the goal
a person playing a sport
a woman sits in her apartment in her pajamas with the blinds closed . 
a woman wearing a yellow tank top and white pants is looking at her neighbors below her window . 
a woman wearing a tank top and pants looks through some glass . 
nobody is looking
tall humans looking . 
some humans looking
a man holds a big flag . 
a man holds a flag . 
a man hugs his mother and leaves for war . 
two dirt bike riders are outside
two guys are driving buses
two dirt bike riders are practicing new tricks
a snowbaorder performs a trick jump . 
a downhill skier competes in a race . 
a snowboarder lands a trick during a competition . 
two friends holding cotton candy smile at each other . 
two friends eat pizza at a diner . 
two women with cotton candy smile . 
two people taking a ride together on a bicyle outside . 
two people riding on a bicyle down a small dirt road . 
two people playing chess at a park . 
a man is making a cross country trip on his motorcycle . 
a man is walking on the sidewalk . 
a man is riding a motorcyle . 
sally was riding her horse . 
tom and sue were playing horseshoes . 
tom and sue were playing outside . 
people are at a busy intersection
people are with a dog
people are at home watching tv
the camera is being thrown by the girl
a camera is being lowered onto a running track by a girl in black pants and yellow t shirt
a camera is being lowered onto a running track by a girl in black pants
two men are composing together . 
two men are near audio equipment . 
two men play chess together . 
there are bubbles around the statue . 
the statue was standing in the garage . 
a statue is in the middle of the street . 
tall people standing
everybody is sitting
some people standing
one person kneels before zod in the oval office . 
one person kneels in front of a plastic bucket ready to puke . 
one person kneels in front of a plastic bucket .  . 
they have a work meeting
two people drive a boat
people sit around a table
a man and a patient in a hospital room . 
a man in a hospital receives a visiting friend . 
a man sits on a hospital roof . 
the man wearing stars and stripes on a bike is in a parade . 
an old man rides a bike . 
the man is dancing under the stars . 
a guy rides past the park . 
a guy rides his bike in the middle of a park . 
a guy misses the park and passes by it . 
the four men sitting in front of the two windows belong to a band . 
the four men are in front of windows . 
the four men are playing hockey . 
a man takes his daughter out for ice cream . 
there is a person outside . 
an adventurous man navigates through the jungle ,  searching for a rare babboon . 
some children throw stones into a fountain . 
some children sit and read in a library . 
some children a outside playing near the water . 
a picture of the ocean
a drawing of a street
a painting of a stick figure
cook prepares food
man preparing meal for wife
girl eats cotton candy
a girl rides his skateboard at the park . 
a child rides his skateboard at the park . 
a sad boy rides his skateboard at the park . 
there is snow outside . 
they are wearing swimsuits . 
there are a few girls present . 
an animal is running outside . 
the dog is fetching his toy that his master threw into the surf . 
the pet is laying on the couch . 
the middle-aged woman is outdoors . 
the middle-aged woman is heading home . 
the middle aged woman is at home knitting . 
the girls are in a library . 
the girls are at the swimming pool . 
the girls are sisters . 
his face is painted to look like a tiger . 
the kid is laying in a pool . 
a kid has a painted face . 
a man in black takes a picture of a fountain . 
a bird steals a bag of chips from a store . 
a photographer dressed in black takes a picture . 
the woman is outside . 
the woman is eating dinner at a restaurant . 
the woman posing is a famous model . 
a girl is making scrambled eggs . 
a brunette lady wearing a blue shirts is painting the two windows she sees . 
a woman is painting . 
a human wearing glasses
a tall human wearing glasses
nobody has sunglasses
a cyclist dressed in black and white points towards the sky . 
a cyclist dressed in black and white points . 
a cyclist dressed in black and white eats cheese . 
a man is sleeping . 
a young man is at the bowling alley . 
a young man is bowling . 
a crowded street where people are buying soft drinks and other items . 
a snowy mountain in the rockies . 
a market is selling soft drinks in an arabic country . 
people are inside . 
people are outside tossing a ball . 
awoman serves the volleyball . 
a man wearing a bathing suit is bent over in a cornfield while looking at the camera . 
a woman wearing a striped wrap is looking at the camera . 
a woman wearing a striped wrap and a hat is bent over in a cornfield while looking at the camera . 
two roller derby competitors skate quickly ahead of teammates . 
two roller derby competitors are near their teammates and a referee . 
two people sleep in a hotel room . 
the girl threw the basketball . 
girls are playing basketball . 
the men are playing basketball . 
world series game 3 is being played
there are people outdoors
there are a group of people hiking mt fiji . 
a band is playing a cover song . 
a band is playing a concert . 
the band is backstage . 
a man is on top of a building . 
a man is putting a roof on a beach house . 
a man is on his couch watching tv . 
children are swimming in cold water . 
children are swimming . 
old people are swimming . 
a man is riding on top of a camel . 
a guy is next to a dog while holding some musical instruments . 
the street performer takes a break . 
the man and woman are going to a movie in the city . 
a woman dances with a man in a busy club . 
a man and woman walk down a city street . 
a woman is singing for the first time . 
a woman is singing on stage . 
a man is singing on stage . 
a man sits and waits for someone . 
a woman sits . 
a man sits . 
the man breaks his skateboard
a man has a skateboard
the man has a colorful skateboard
the car took a pit stop with just a few laps to go . 
the motorcycle pulled over because it was out of fuel . 
a cow chews grass
a wife and husband perform
a man plays guitar
there is a dog in the foreground
a man is taking pictures
there are people in a house taking pictures
a boy is outdoors . 
a boy is sailing on a boat . 
a boy is falling off his bike . 
a group of people are watching an empty stage . 
a group of people are on stage . 
a group of people are singing and dancing on stage for people . 
a brown dog dancing out of a orange and yellow tunnel . 
a stray dog walking out of the subway tunnel . 
a brown dog walking out of a tunnel . 
they are about to go upstairs . 
they are going up the stairs . 
five people are standing by a staircase . 
the man is concentrating . 
the man is walking in the zoo . 
the man is pole vaulting . 
a cat is playing at the park . 
a dog is on the beach . 
a dog is playing ball with his owner . 
a man in a black t-shirt and shorts is hiking up a mountain . 
people in blue hard hats watch as a man in a white shirt and shorts rock climb . 
a man in a whit shirt and shorts is rock climbing at a very very slow pace . 
a man watering a bonsai tree . 
a man watering plants . 
a man watering his neighbors plants . 
a boy is attending a club meeting . 
a guy is cheering near some children . 
a lawyer is encouraging some children at a contest . 
a girl is petting her dog . 
a girl is showing affection towards a cat . 
a boy is playing trombone . 
a man is playing a black piano . 
the man ' s hands are on the keys of a piano . 
the boy is posing for a picture . 
the child is posing for the photographer . 
the child is getting her school pictures taken . 
a man plays a piano . 
a man plays the clarinet for his family . 
a man plays a piano for his family . 
the couple is celebrating an important event . 
the couple is trying to figure out who the person across the street is who is holding the camera . 
the man is studying quietly in the house . 
the fireworks were shot into the sky . 
the man is throwing a concert outside
a boy is dancing for his friends . 
a boy is wearing a jacket . 
a boy is raisingin his hand to answer a question in his class . 
two men sit on a couch . 
the two men are enjoying an afternoon in the water together after a tough workweek . 
two men sit on innertubes in the middle of a body of water . 
two men are being lazy . 
two men are doing hard labor . 
the tiles are very colorful . 
the large audience is standing and cheering . 
the large audience is watching an award ceremony . 
a large audience is seated inside together . 
a man rests on his friends after a championship fight . 
a man is running away from police . 
a man is touching other people in a crowd . 
a dog is running . 
a dog is sitting on a table . 
a dog is excited . 
two boys are talking in the middle of a street . 
an older brother is talking to his younger brother in the middle of the street . 
a man is waiting for a bus sitting on a bench . 
a man is waiting for a bus in iraq . 
a man is waiting for a bus on mars . 
two men are in a car . 
two men are sitting on the grass next to a car . 
the men hope the container won ' t fly off the roof . 
a group of people are playing baseball . 
a group of friends are visiting an art exhibit . 
many people are having a conversation . 
a person with glasses
nobody has glasses on
a tall person with glasses
a group of friends sit at a table talking to each other . 
the people are walking down the street . 
a group of friends heads down the street to a birthday party . 
a dog is swimming . 
there is an animal jumping . 
a puppy leaps for a frisbee . 
the people are eating ice cream at dairy queen . 
there are a lot of people looking for a certain book at the local barnes and noble . 
there are people looking at books . 
two people mow lawns for a living on the 4th of july
two people ride a lawn mower outside
two men cut grass by hand
a man without a shirt is on the water . 
a man without a shirt is on a river . 
some boys are in the play ground
some kids are watching soccer
some boys are running behind a ball
the couple is married . 
the couple is standing next to a cake . 
the couple is sitting near water . 
the players and referee are getting ready to start the match . 
the referee and players are getting ready to face-off . 
the dog is sliding across the ice at the hockey match . 
a woman is running in a park . 
a woman is walking down a busy street in tokyo . 
a woman is walking down a busy street . 
the man is at home sleeping
the woman is white
a man in green shirt
a girl is swinging ,  rather high ,  on a swing with light blue ropes . 
a girl is swinging ,  rather high ,  on a swing with blue ropes . 
a girl is swinging ,  rather high ,  on a swing with white ropes . 
a girl drinks a soda on the street
a girl drinks a soda on the street in front of people
a girl drinks a soda while sleeping
the two women bundle up in winter coats as the blizzard sets in . 
there are two woman in this picture ,  and they are both outside . 
the two woman are sisters ,  and are on their way to their mutual friends house down the street . 
the indians are building sand castles . 
the indians hope there sacred dance will bring rain . 
the people are dancing . 
the people are working at an office . 
the people are playing at a festival . 
the people are in costume and playing music . 
a group of people watch a movie . 
people prepare to play games . 
people place their piece on a monopoly board . 
two girls on a tube . 
two girls wearing blue sit on a couch . 
two girls playing on a tube . 
people are on a couch
a family is playing out in their backyard . 
a family is sitting on a couch watching tv . 
they are walking on top of trees . 
they pass eachother . 
they know each other . 
there is a man climbing as the boy holds the rope
there is a man holding a rop
there is a man holding a long rope for a boy climbing outdoors
they are boyfriends . 
they are not looking in the same direction . 
neither is holding anything . 
two girls at a camp . 
two girls sleeping on a couch . 
two girls on a boat . 
two scuba divers are running a marathon . 
two scuba divers are inspecting a submarine . 
two scuba divers are underwater . 
the nurses are discussing a patient . 
the nurses are eating lunch . 
the people work in the medical field . 
a female gymnast is enjoying a cinnamon roll . 
a gymnast is in mid air . 
a female gymnast is competing at the olympics . 
people are walking to an event . 
people walk down a sidewalk . 
people are flying down a sidewalk . 
there are multiple people present . 
the two men are brothers . 
there is only one person present . 
a man is crying at a co-worker ' s funeral . 
a man is donating hair to a charity for cancer patients . 
a guy is cutting another man ' s hair . 
men are gazing . 
men are lamenting the fact that their team lost . 
women look different directions . 
police are sitting at the station eating donuts and talking on the phone . 
people in uniform are working near a fire . 
police are setting up blockades near a movie set where they film a fire scene . 
a dog waterskiing in a river with a large wall in the background . 
a man waterskiing in a river with a large wall in the background . 
a person waterskiing in a river with a wall in the background . 
the children are playing together . 
the children don ' t have any energy today . 
two little boys are pretending they are climbing a large mountain . 
the black and white dogs are playing . 
the dogs are fighting . 
the fighting dogs are outside . 
the person is trying to be sneaky . 
the person is hard to see . 
the person is a vampire avoiding the sun . 
a woman sits beside the escalator . 
a woman is walking to the escalator at a sporting event . 
a woman walks to an escalator . 
a group of adults are waiting for an event . 
asian women are sitting in a restaurant . 
asian people sitting next to each other . 
the man is holding an object . 
the man is a judge . 
the man is crying . 
a man is holding a dog standing in front of a chalkboard . 
a person is in a classroom teaching . 
a man is holding a book about fossils ,  standing in front of a chalkboard . 
the woman is using her cellphone . 
the woman is playing a game on her cellphone . 
the woman is walking her cat . 
a man putts while his group talks to each other . 
three men talk while their fourth takes a shot . 
four guys go bowling at the lanes . 
a group of gymnasts performing . 
they are going fast . 
a group of cyclists racing . 
people are gathered on a sunny day at the beach . 
people are gathered by the water . 
women and men sing indoors . 
a motorist is riding his bike in a competition . 
a motorist has stalled . 
a motorist is riding his bike . 
the person is riding a motorcycle
the person is sleeping . 
the motorcyclist is in the air
the people are women
some people standing
the people are running through fire
the child is athletic . 
the child is upside down . 
there is an adult upside down . 
there is a man in a green shirt . 
there is a man that is good at music . 
there is a man wearing a pink shirt . 
two men argue with each other . 
two men reading the paper on their break . 
two men read the paper . 
a family of cats resting
three dogs together
a family of dogs cruises down the street
the boy is swinging a bat . 
the boy is swinging a golf club . 
the boy is playing baseball . 
the bat is aluminum
the man is sleeping
the man is swinging
a man is wearing his sport jersey in his cubicle . 
a man is wearing a white sport jersey in his cubicle . 
a big sports fan is working inside his cubicle . 
a clad in denim person works is working on a bridge outdoors . 
the man wearing an blue jumpsuit is doing construction on a bridge work while whistling . 
the man in jeans is standing on a bridge working on a outside while listening to music . 
the man is near food . 
the man has black hair . 
the man is wearing a kilt and his standing on the ground . 
someone is sawing . 
somebody is wearing work gloves . 
nobody is working . 
people wait to get on a double decker bus at night . 
friends wait to get on the bus at night . 
people wait to get on a boat at night . 
people are in line . 
people are surfing in the ocean . 
german tourists are waiting in line to board a bus . 
a rooster near a vendor hoping for food
a rooster on the farm
a rooster near a vendor
a man enjoys the sun coming through the window . 
a man looks out his window . 
a man takes a nap in the dark room . 
the boy is not in a pool . 
the boy is in swimming clothes . 
the water in the pool is being splashed . 
a boy is playing in the swimming pool . 
a boy is playing in his new swimming pool . 
a boy is splashing others at the beach . 
a tall person is walking
a person is walking
everybody is sitting
the baby is smiling
the baby is crying . 
the baby is eating . 
an bike rider jumping ramps on a sunny day . 
a professional bike rider performing tricks . 
cyclists competing in the tour de france . 
a science teacher demonstrates how to mix the liquid as his young student takes notes . 
a man is lighting a fire under the beaker as part of his demonstration to the girl . 
two people are in the same area . 
a child plays with two brooms outside
a child plays outside next to a christmas tree
a child cuts down a christmas tree
the people are standing . 
there are two people sitting down . 
there are two people at the beach . 
the man appears to be suspended in midair . 
the man is wearing a red shirt . 
the man is cleaning his clothes . 
a woman in a black and white shirt is sitting in a chair with her eyes wide open . 
a woman in a shirt is sitting in a chair with an animated expression on her face . 
the woman is standing with her hand over her mouth . 
six men are seated at the back of a city bus . 
six men dressed in black and yellow uniforms are standing in a gymnasium . 
band members packing their things into a tour bus . 
band performing a song on stage . 
the band members are playing in a dimly lit room . 
the boy was listening
the child was 18 years old
a man riding a bike and eating cotton candy . 
a man in a swamp . 
a man hunting crocodiles
a group of people march in a parade . 
a group of dogs march in a parade . 
a group of sad soldiers march in a parade . 
a boy sits in front of stones . 
a boy lights a grill in order to make some hamburgers . 
a boy prepares a camp fire spot to make his dinner . 
woman resting her head on husband shoulder
woman resting her head on man ' s shoulder
woman baking cake for her husband
the man owns the rv . 
the man is standing . 
the man is inside his rv . 
the two teens were doing homework at home . 
the two young teens tried to throw the ball into the basket to win the big bear . 
two humans are outdoors . 
the men are older . 
the men are both wearing glasses . 
the men are trying to fix a car . 
they are going to get something to eat . 
the kitchen is not empty . 
the boys are climbing a tree . 
a dog eats his food
a child likes the dress
a child holds a dress
a man laughing . 
a man crying while at a restaurant . 
a man laughing while at a restaurant eating . 
there are people standing by benches in public . 
there are people sitting on benches outdoors . 
there are people sitting on benches outdoors talking to each other . 
the women are break dancing at the club . 
there is a table . 
the women are sorority sisters . 
a man gives presentation
the man is a farmer
the man is not talking
the boyscout looks through a telescope at the clear night sky . 
a boy scout is making a campfire . 
there is a boy and a telescope . 
a woman is sitting in a restaurant . 
a man is smoking a cigar . 
a man is smoking on a street . 
a man is reaching out to a strand of lamps . 
a man has his hands shoved into his coat pockets . 
a man reaches out to a strand of multicolored lamps . 
the children are doing schoolwork on the black boards
the children are putting out a fire nearby
the children are outdoors
the woman is wearing a red top . 
the woman is the man ' s wife . 
two people are next to each other . 
the choir is doing a christmas program . 
the choir are taking in a ball game . 
the choir is singing . 
a person walks a way from a dirt circle
a person jumps
a person walks away
people are riding bikes in both directions on a road . 
the road is in china . 
bumper to bumper automobile traffic clogs the street . 
the man is in a prison cell
the man is outdoors
the man is fishing in the lake . 
a young woman in a black skirt is walking next to nearby shops . 
a young woman is on a shopping trip . 
a young woman is eating in a fine restaurant . 
the boy and girl are inside
the boy and girl are playing together
the boy and girl are outside
a young man working in the snow . 
a man working in the snow . 
a young woman working in the snow . 
the kids are at the table eating dinner . 
the children are having fun together . 
the kids are indoors playing a video game . 
two children fight over the remote . 
children play in the snow . 
two brothers have a snowball fight . 
a man is repairing a car . 
a man reaches into a car . 
a man reaches into a boat . 
the beach is empty because of a hurricane . 
a married couple and their kids walk along the beach . 
a dog is driving the bus . 
a group of people wait at a bus stop as a large white and blue bus stops . 
the people are waiting outside of an airport to board the bus . 
the workers are on break . 
the workers are close to the water . 
the workers are mute . 
people are swimming in ocean water
two people paddle their boat on the ocean
two people paddles a canoe on the ocean
a group of boys are sitting down . 
a team is playing street soccer . 
a group of boys are playing soccer in the street . 
a big rally in a different country . 
a carnival in a different country . 
a rally in a seperate country . 
a tall person in shirt
a person in a shirt
nobody has a shirt
a woman is dancing . 
a woman is reading . 
a woman is holding a book . 
the man is in a heavy metal band . 
the man is playing the trombone . 
the man is holding an instrument . 
the child is getting wet from the fountain . 
the child has a green shirt . 
the child is at play . 
the man is kneeling down . 
the man ' s head is partially obscured . 
the man is working underneath a vehicle . 
a man is posing
the man is at home sleeping
the man is a model
a man is sitting in a wheelchair in a hospital . 
a man is able to use his legs . 
a man is outside . 
two people are going to a hockey game
a couple is getting married
a man and woman are getting eloped
the woman splashes as she tries to keep from drowning in the river . 
someone is having a picnic near the lake . 
a person is splashing in water . 
the two people are talking about the weather . 
the two people re sitting inside . 
the to people are walking . 
a boy in orange runs through a local mall . 
a boy in orange rides his fathers dirt bike . 
a boy in orange rides his dirt bike . 
cyclists are in a race on the part of the course that is on the highway . 
people re riding bicycles
three people are riding horses across a course . 
man reaching up to secure a handhold on the cliff face . 
man climbing a cliff . 
a woman escapes a from a hostile enviroment
a woman walks through a crowd
the crowd walks around a woman
the woman is sitting in the chair next to the podium . 
there are people giving a speech at the fair . 
two people are standing beside each other . 
two clowns attack a lion . 
a man is looking at the camera for a photo with his arm around a lady who is looking away . 
the man is looking at the camera . 
there are boys and girls standing next to a table
there are boys and girls sitting at a table
there are boys and girls sitting at a table playing games
the woman and man are smiling . 
two men are hugging . 
a man is with a woman . 
a couple of men a seated on a couch . 
two men are watching tv on a couch . 
two men are standing outside . 
a woman is riding a bike outside . 
a young man is doing karaoke in a bar . 
a man is performing a song . 
the dog is white and gray . 
the dog ' s nose itches . 
the dog is outside . 
the chef is eating fried chicken . 
he knows a lot about tomatos . 
he likes to cook . 
a person is trimming a tree . 
a person is messing with a tree . 
a worker falls out of a tree . 
henry ford admiring his assembly lines . 
a casually dressed man admiring an antique car . 
a restored car being inspected by a potential buyer . 
a dog and a duck are outside . 
a dog is swimming through a pond in pursuit of a duck . 
a dog is sitting for his owner . 
two men standing outdoors . 
two men standing in front of a wall looking for trouble . 
a group of girls getting ready for a party . 
the men are partners
two men are discussing
the men are asleep in the motel
the girll is playing a game . 
the girl is throwing something . 
the girl is not throwing anything . 
the man is sparring in the gym . 
the man speeds along the street . 
the man is driving . 
boyfriend and girlfriend hugging each other . 
cat and dog fighting on a boat . 
two people hugging . 
the children hug in the woods . 
the little boy is hitting the girl . 
the little girl is consoling the boy . 
the gentleman is speaking to an old lady . 
the young lady that the gentleman is speaking to is his daughter . 
the gentleman is speaking to a young lady . 
a person juggles in a kilt . 
a person rides a bike down a hill wearing pants . 
a person juggles balls in a kilt . 
a man in a shirt juggles . 
a man in a shirt juggles thee clubs and an apple . 
a man in a green shirt juggles a bear . 
a clown rides a tall bike in a parade . 
a man rides a bike outside . 
a dog rides a bicycle down the street . 
a party has just ended
a group of people fight in their dreams
a group of people rest
there is a young woman . 
a girl is sitting in the snow . 
a girl is teaching her friends how to play hopsotch outside . 
a child is playing outside . 
a child is playing on christmas . 
a man is playing in the snow . 
the race car driver accelerates around a curve . 
the violinist is on stage with other musicians . 
a person is playing an instrument . 
the boy is walking outside . 
the boy in black and red is walking down the beach . 
the boy is going to school . 
the boy has a green and purple shirt . 
the boy is walking . 
a boy is watching a movie in his living room . 
a man is performing a balancing trick over a large canal in venice . 
a man is homeless . 
a man is outside . 
a man is inside . 
the little boy is playing video games
he is barefoot . 
he is outside . 
a child is taking a nap . 
a child is asian and american . 
a child is asian . 
a lady and a child are on a boat and the lady is looking out into the ocean through a scope . 
a lady is looking through a scope at the ocean . 
the lady laid down for the day . 
a woman has a bright pink jacket . 
a woman has a bright white jacket . 
a woman has a bright light pink jacket . 
four men are watching the storage unit . 
four men are eating a meal . 
four men are making sure that the man in the storage unit stays put . 
there are women singing . 
some women are knitting at the cafe . 
a group of women sing on stage at the concert . 
woman rollerblading
woman going to park
boy eats sandwich
there is a little girl taking a nap . 
there are several people ,  one has a cap on . 
there are many people attending a baseball game . 
two dogs are playing outside . 
two dogs are on a sandy beach . 
two dogs are outside . 
some people are throwing a surprise birthday party . 
some people are throwing a party . 
some people are happy to be throwing a party . 
three people have their mouths full of food . 
three people have drinks in their hand . 
three people are hanging out . 
a woman is dancing . 
a man is wearing a white shirt . 
a man is shopping . 
a boy in a coat
the boy is fifteen
the boy is flying a plane
a dog is carrying a stick in the snow . 
a dog is asleep in its dog house . 
a dog in the snow is carrying some object . 
two dogs are walking throught a gate . 
a family is walking through a gate . 
people are walking through a gate . 
a girl with curly hair is taking a big bite from a hamburger . 
a girl is ingesting liquid . 
a girl with curly hair is drinking through a straw . 
the people are at a play . 
the audience is listening to the concert in the dark . 
the concert is being held at night . 
two boys jump . 
two boys sit down . 
two boys jump with excitement . 
there are multiple people present . 
the children can all swim . 
the children are in a very deep pool . 
a boy and a girl are cooking breakfast . 
a brother and sister are playing on a swing set . 
two children are playing on a swing set . 
there are professional riders at a ceremony . 
the men are driving their motorcycles . 
two people are on some animals . 
clown entertains people at a birthday party . 
man throws knives at unsuspecting people . 
man performs a juggling act on a unicycle . 
two old men talk at a family reunion . 
the two men are talking . 
a man and a woman share a kiss during a candlelight dinner . 
people share a conversation . 
two men row a boat out to sea . 
the man is perplexed by the events . 
someone is in a field . 
someone is in a bar . 
someone is inside . 
animals are in a tub . 
three puppies are in the tub being sprayed with water by the vet . 
three puppies are snuggling with their mother by the fire . 
a couple of people are at the end of the dock . 
men fishing from a long wooden dock . 
women looking at the lake from the dock . 
a man prepares to give a speech for a television audience . 
a man is enjoying a cigar at a party . 
the man is wearing a button up shirt . 
there is a live bear in the background . 
the tv volume is turned on low . 
a speaker is talking . 
two men lie on tables in the morgue . 
there are some people on a road . 
one man shows the ransom money to the other . 
the man is inside
the man is outdoors
the man is a photographer
the man and woman are cooperating . 
both of them are illiterate . 
they are in college . 
a lady is sad after the tragedy . 
a lady is excited . 
a lady is excited after winning a contest . 
a naked man drinks a soda in the dark . 
a man sings a love song to the audience . 
a man performs under a light . 
a father and son hold a chinese lantern and prepare to hang it up . 
a man and his daughter build a doghouse while the dog sits behind them . 
one smiling man and one man with a drill hold a red and yellow chinese lantern . 
multiple people are indoors near a piece of furniture . 
a man is dragging a couch across the room so he can vacuum . 
the girl is browsing her phone while another girl watches her . 
the two girls are at school taking an exam . 
the girl is browsing reddit on her phone . 
a guy working on his drums . 
a guy working on his instrument . 
a guy working on his bass guitar . 
a man is trimming trees . 
a man is working in the sun . 
a woman is working for the phone company . 
the girls are cover head to toe . 
the girls are sitting in front a indoor fireplace
the girls are building a snowman . 
the couple stood in the snow . 
the couple stood on the beach together . 
the couple stood in the snow together for the photographer . 
many people load up a taxi
the taxi has nothing on it
the people put furniture on the taxi
two girls playing the drums . 
a boy singing . 
a woman teaching a boy to sing . 
a man and woman dressed as devils are riding bicycles . 
two people are outside . 
a couple dressed in angel costumes are handing out leaflets on the sidewalk . 
the girl is getting riding lessons . 
the girl is riding a horse . 
the girl is walking alongside the horse . 
the single man was working on his house
a single man in a blue t-shirt ,  jeans and a baseball cap wors on a roof of a house laying shingles
the single man was watching tv
two white dogs are standing in a snowbank . 
a big brown dog and a tiny black dog are standing in a field . 
a city of ice sits in the distance . 
a hand holds a strainer ,  a family heirloom passed down from generation to generation . 
a strainer contains some liquid . 
a man is playing a guitar . 
a well dressed man is playing a guitar . 
a bald man is playing a guitar . 
the racetrack is outdoors . 
the racetrack is long . 
there are cyclists racing . 
 a woman in an american green military uniform is smiling . 
 a woman in an american military uniform . 
a woman is diving off a mountain . 
a woman is writing on a rock
a woman is trying to write a letter to her daughter in the states
a woman is writing on paper
a man and a child sitting on steps saw a woman walk by . 
a man and a child watched tv . 
a man and a child sitting on steps saw a bystander . 
the two people are racing each other on the rock . 
two kids are climbing the rock . 
two people are climbing . 
the girl is swimming in the river . 
the girl is cooling her feet on a hot day . 
a girl is wearing a hat . 
three people sit in a paddle boat . 
the pond is too shallow for any boating . 
the owners of a house enjoy their pond . 
a tall person in a shirt
a person in a shirt
nobody has a shirt on
a woman is blind . 
a woman is looking
a woman is looking at a man
a boy is snowboarding in mid air
a person snowboarding in mid air
a person is snowboarding behind a football field
a fisherman uses a cell phone to call his wife . 
a fisherman uses a cellphone . 
a fisherman is sleeping on his boat . 
a man encouraging children to have fun with one another as they look on . 
a father attempting to encorage his children to run around and have fun outside . 
a man sitting on a couch with children . 
a tractor drives down the parade route
a tractor is decorated for a parade
a lawnmover is being repaired
aliens play
men play fair
men play
a dog is outside . 
a dog is chasing a frisbee . 
a dog is jumping . 
the woman is riding a horse . 
the woman owns the horse . 
the horse is being ridden by a man . 
a man juggling flaming torches . 
a man singing to the crowd . 
a man in front of an audience . 
a girl is play fighting . 
the boy is at a boxing match . 
a girl is playing wrestling with a friend . 
the man protected himself . 
the dog rolled around in the grass . 
he was training a police dog . 
a dog is being trained by a man . 
a blind man is attempting to train his dog to ward against intruders . 
a dog is being put down at the vet clinic . 
a skier going down the bunny hill . 
a skier going down a hill . 
a surfer riding a wave . 
someone who is visible is more than fifteen years old . 
every instrument visible is a woodwind . 
the man has been playing the blues . 
a city employee inspects construction on a public road . 
the man in black is climbing the stairs . 
a person is wearing orange . 
a man jogs through the woods . 
a man walking in droney park . 
a man walking in droney park on his day off . 
this bald man stands naked in protest of fur for fashion . 
this man has an eyesight deficiency . 
this elderly man is nearsighted . 
a man is driving a truck blindfolded . 
a man is dozing off while bumming a ride in the back of a truck . 
a man is sleeping in the rear of an automobile . 
a baby looks into a device . 
a baby is playing with a smartphone . 
an infant looks through a telescope pointed at the planet jupiter . 
a dog watches tv . 
a kid is doing a thing outside . 
a kid is doing a thing . 
performers are waiting for a crowd to calm down before they continue their performance
two people are on a stage
two people are lying on a couch
there is a man with a ponytail and a mustache . 
the man has a beard and a short mohawk haircut . 
a man with a short mohawk and beard stands outside . 
the little boy is good friends with the girl . 
the little boy is yelling at the girl in the white shirt . 
a little boy is whispering to a girl . 
a woman is getting her picture taken near a truck . 
a woman is getting her maternity pictures taken . 
a woman is posing in the forest near a motorcycle . 
a woman working with her hands protected from harm . 
a redhead working wearing gloves . 
a woman wearing gloves to hide her injuries . 
all vegetation the woman is working with is the same age . 
the woman is working with plants . 
she intends to pick the ripe vegetables and leave the unripened to ripen . 
the girls are playing on a street . 
three girls are jumping
a girl jumps in a grassy field
a girl jumps in her newly cut lawn
a boy jumps in a grassy field
everyone is wearing green clothing . 
there are several people wearng red . 
everyone is riding rollerblades . 
a group of women playing basketball in a gym . 
a group of young men looking up at the basketball hoop to see if the ball will go in . 
four young men looking up at a basketball hoop . 
the ballerina is wearing pink . 
the ballerina is outdoors . 
the ballerina is indoors . 
four siblings pose for a photo on a stage . 
several little people are breaking into a theater . 
several children are posing on a stage . 
a puppy is sitting . 
a family is diving into the water . 
people are outside . 
a boy has and object in his hands . 
the boy is younger than age ten . 
the boy is holding a samurai sword . 
a woman is being athletic . 
a woman in a wedding dress is climbing . 
a woman is asleep . 
someone is standing with a bucket on their head . 
there is more than one bucket . 
someone is dipping a sponge in a bucket of soapy water . 
a woman is cleaning wood . 
a woman is cleaning wood outside from a bucket near the window . 
a man is cleaning wood . 
a man sits in front of another man
a man is laying at the bach
a man is looking at his friend
an older man is sweeping his patio while a passerby enters a building
an older man is outdoors
an old man is sitting at a cafe drinking coffee
the man is outdoors . 
the man is wearing knee pads . 
the man is walking with his skateboard on the street . 
a woman sits outside on the dock overlooking the ocean . 
a  woman is swimming in her pool . 
a woman sits outside on the dock . 
a girl is playing tennis with three other people . 
the girl is swimming . 
a girl is playing tennis . 
six people are dressing old school for a play . 
six people are dressed up . 
six people are naked . 
a man moves while playing a game
an old woman sits on a bench . 
two people play tennis as one of them runs . 
a woman browses a market
a woman compares prices on eggs at the market
a woman with an empty cart knocks over an egg carton
four people are talking to each other outside . 
two men and two women are outside having conversations . 
the two men and women are talking to people that they know . 
a lady cleans her feet for a fetish video . 
a lady is climbing a rope . 
a lady in the kitchen cleans her feet . 
a military man is walking away from the line of military vehicles
a military man is running inside the line of military vehicle
the girl is outside . 
a girl splashes in water . 
the girl is sitting inside . 
two men playing soccer . 
two teams playing soccer ,  practicing for the olympics . 
a man crochets . 
two dogs chase a bunny
two dogs run
one cat sleeps
there are animals outside . 
the dogs are chasing a squirrel . 
the dogs are eating their food indoors . 
people are playing a drum . 
a drum is in a museum . 
a drum has people standing around it . 
a man jumps out of a plane
a person is relaxing on his day off
a person sits in a chair in water
a woman wears a shirt on a unicycle . 
a guy wears a shirt on a bike . 
an old guy wears a shirt on a bike . 
there are several people sitting around a table . 
several people are sitting around a table and are about to play a card game . 
there is a group of people behind another group of people hiding underneath a table . 
a boy poses with his trophy . 
a girl is at the park . 
a girl poses with her spelling bee trophy . 
there are men on the beach . 
two men are shirtless . 
men are riding bicycles . 
the family is near a farmer market . 
people are at a grocery store . 
a crowd is at the farmers market . 
four people are at a bar
fours people are looking at art
four people are trying to see what new painting to buy
a woman cuts celery . 
a man makes something from a balloon . 
a clown makes balloon animals . 
the guy has bottles on the truck
the guy has bottles on the truck for me
the cat jumps in the water
boy sawing a piece of wood in half . 
boy pretending to be a doctor . 
boy playing doctor on a friend with his toys . 
the people are in a boat
the boat has sunk
the river is wild
a couple eat sandwiches together . 
two people are in front of a fountain . 
a young couple is very much in love . 
many people are singing carols . 
a crowd is celebrating christmas outside of bank of america . 
a crowd of people is celebrating easter . 
the spectators watch in awe as the bicyclist does tricks on a high wire . 
a person is riding their bike through the grocery store . 
a person on a bicycle has his bike situated on a wire . 
the man and women are standing by a river . 
the people are husband and wife . 
the lady is reading . 
two coworkers eat lunch on a bench outside of their building . 
two mimes pretend to be sitting on benches inside a museum . 
some people are seated on a bench outside . 
people look out side the bar they are in . 
people look outside . 
people look at a movie screen . 
woman sets bike on fire . 
young woman shows off new bike tricks in front of friends . 
young woman performing bike tricks at a bike park . 
people sitting on the floor
people sitting at a table
people sitting at a table getting ready for dinner
a boy puts on his new sunglasses
a boy puts on some sunglasses
a girl puts on some sunglasses
the men are at the gym . 
there are computers and a projector screen in the room . 
the men are preparing for a presentation . 
children play on trampolines outdoors . 
two kids are exercising on trampolines . 
two kids are building a trampoline from scratch . 
two soccer players go after the ball . 
two women compete in a tennis match . 
two soccer players fight after the ball until one gets a penalty . 
the man is the janitor for the building . 
the man is sweeping the steps . 
the man has white clothing . 
people are shopping for watermelons . 
people are shopping . 
people are showering . 
a boy is practicing his basketball shooting skills for his school ' s game later . 
a young male is wearing clothes . 
the boy is asleep in bed . 
there is a girl and her father present . 
the girl is by herself . 
the girl has a troubled expression . 
taking a neverending break
taking a long break
taking a break
a dog goes to the vet . 
a dog plays in the park with his owner on a sunny day . 
a dog plays in the park . 
a boy is carrying something on his shoulder . 
a boy is sitting still . 
a boy is walking to the beach . 
a man is speaking to a crowd . 
a man with a white beard is sitting quietly on a couch . 
a man is giving a toast at a wedding . 
two girls play tag in a forest . 
a guy walks on a downed tree trunk . 
a young man wearing a gray winter jacket walks on a fallen oak tree . 
a man stands in his room . 
a lumberjack works . 
a man walks outdoors . 
a man is boasting about something at a bar . 
a woman is selling jewelry to two girls . 
a woman is engaging some girls . 
some kids playing with a jet-ski . 
some kids playing with a raft in the lake . 
some kids playing with a raft . 
there are boys standing together . 
there are many girls standing together . 
the girls are standing outside . 
a boy is enjoying himself while thinking about sliding down a snow hill with his friends
don ' t stock up and have fun with the sled
two girls kiss . 
two girls kiss there dad . 
two girls kiss a man . 
a woman looks to her left
a man smiles to his left
a woman smiles at someone to her left
the man working at target was carrying shooping carts up the escalator . 
the man is inside a building . 
the man is sitting on table not doing anything . 
i am near a lake . 
i am white water rafting . 
i am at the lake with my family . 
a woman watches the water . 
a woman watches the lake while her child swims . 
a man drinks beer . 
the lab tech is using the microscope . 
the lab tech is measuring chemicals in beakers . 
the lab tech is looking at a cell sample . 
a large choir is singing . 
an all boys choir is singing . 
a choir is singing . 
the man is being filmed by another man . 
the crowd is very quiet . 
the audience is cheering because of the celebrity . 
an award ceremony is occurring . 
the children are receiving awards for humanitarian efforts . 
the children are rolling on the floor collecting dust for science . 
a woman crosses the street carrying her baby . 
a woman crosses the street carrying her baby boy . 
a woman crosses the street carrying a large sandwich . 
a man sitting on his motorcycle with the sunset directly behind him outside . 
a man sitting on his motorcycle as night begins to fall . 
a man sitting in his car inside his garage . 
a man wearing blue jeans and a peach shirt is arguing with a woman
a small man wearing blue jeans and a peach shirt is arguing with a woman
the girl is driving in the city . 
the young girl loves to run . 
the young girl is outside . 
it is the child ' s first time hiking . 
two people are going for a hike . 
the bike has a flat tire . 
the person is swimming . 
a person is walking . 
a dog has a man sleeping next to it . 
a man is sleeping next to his daughters dog . 
a boy is playing frisbee out in the grass . 
the crowd of people are watching the horse race . 
the people watch as the soap box car drives by them . 
the people are at the race . 
a boy poses in front of children playing
a boy poses in front of his siblings playing
a girl poses in front of people
two women are making pancakes . 
a girl is helping her grandmother try on a new bracelet she bought . 
a redhead is putting a bracelet on an old woman . 
at a chinese restaurant ,  a group of people celebrate their asian culture . 
a group of people sit angrily at a table waiting for food . 
a group of people celebrate . 
a man sits in the hospital . 
a man rides a motorcycle . 
a man preforms tricks on a motorcycle . 
two dogs playing together . 
a cat in a litter box . 
two dogs playing fetch . 
a man in the navy stands on a boat in the cool air . 
a man in the navy is sailing through the water . 
a man in a uniform is underground . 
the boat is red and white . 
he is going sailing . 
he is outside . 
artists are watching the tv . 
people put up new art . 
people put up new art at the towns local gallery . 
a dancer performs
a bear jumps
someone dances with a ribbon
the gymnast cannot finish her exercise . 
the gymnast completes her exercise . 
the gymnast completes her intense exercise . 
two people are riding red bicycles next to a building . 
two people are riding bikes near a building . 
a woman is riding a unicycle past a building . 
the soccer team is listening to their coach for their last play to win the soccer game . 
the female basketball team ignored their coach . 
a female soccer team is listening to their coach . 
a person is wearing a bright hat
a person is getting ready to snowboard down a hill with one leg
a person is wearing a dark hat
a woman is talking while a man is reaching for something . 
a man brushes his teeth in front of a mirror . 
a man reaches for a cellphone while his companion tells him about her life . 
people make balloons
people perform for kids
dog looks at the pond
two girls hating the town . 
two girls enjoying a night on the town . 
two young girls enjoying a night on the town . 
there are four people outside . 
four sisters play with each other . 
a child is getting ready for his junior athletic league tennis tournament . 
two women in a bright red sports car ,  with sunglasses and pink lipstick ,  laugh and sing songs . 
a child in a colorful outfit ,  holds a piece of sporting equipment and uses it to propel an orb against a vertical surface . 
a boy is playing with the other children . 
a boy is playing in the grass . 
a boy is playing with a squirt gun . 
two animals are swimming . 
a dog and cat are drowning in the pool / 
two cats are in the lake . 
two women are working . 
no one is wearing aprons . 
two women are running a kitchen . 
she is hailing a cab . 
the woman is dining at a restaurant drinking wine . 
she is outside . 
the group of people are swimming in the water . 
the group of people are naked . 
they are people in the water with clothes on . 
two people are painting ceramics
two people are paining each others faces
two people are trying to finish up a project before an art contest
the two people walking in the sand are on a date . 
two people walk across the beach . 
there are five people walking in the sand with drums . 
the tan dog is being groomed on the table . 
the boy is walking the dog in the park . 
the woman is holding a some clippers in her hand . 
dog running down the street . 
man watching television . 
the track runners are all black ethniticity
the track runners are competiting to win the race
the  track runners are sitting on an airplane
the two guys are workers working on the billboard taking a break . 
two guys sit on the side of a billboard . 
the woman is relaxing in water . 
the woman is in the ocean . 
the woman is sitting at home . 
the dog is not wearing a muzzle . 
the dog is running . 
the dog is racing other dogs . 
the man the baseball is taking his son to a baseball game today . 
a man and a boy are riding scooters . 
a man is wearing glasses and a baseball cap . 
a child sits on the animal ' s back . 
the ginger-haired kid holds the pony ' s reins . 
the child and his pet play on the bed . 
the man ' s shorts are red . 
there are multiple people present . 
there is only one person present . 
a runner want to head for the finish line . 
a runner give up before heading to the finish line . 
a runner in a competition want to go to the finish line . 
a skater is being photographed . 
a cyclist is being filmed . 
a cyclist is performing for a new sports show . 
a group of students are listening . 
some students are attending a class . 
students are at the park . 
a man is holding a stone in front of a wall . 
the man is a sculptor . 
the woman is holding a rock in front of a wall . 
 a young man sitting in a chair with a bag under his arm ,  talking on a white large phone . 
a man jumping off a ledge . 
 a man sitting in a chair with a bag under his arm . 
the ship nearly hits a cruiser . 
the sailing ship is alone on the water . 
there are many boats out . 
a man is scalping tickets to a seahawks game . 
a man wearing a tuxedo is sitting . 
a man is wearing a football sweatshirt . 
a man stands by a wall outside . 
a man stands by a wall . 
a man sits on a wall . 
there is a photographer taking a photo of a man indoors . 
there is a man standing outside having his photo taken by another person with a shadow . 
a woman is taking a photo of a man standing outside in the sunlight . 
the two men are friends
the fire pit has been put out
two men standing next to each other
a large human sitting . 
a human sitting . 
nobody is sitting . 
a man smokes a joint outside
a guy smoking against a wall with a flier on it
two girls sit and play in a waiting room
the runners are running towards the large buildings . 
the runners are competing in a marathon . 
a group of mall walkers takes a smoke break . 
kids taking naps inside
kids playing at a park outside
kids playing outside
the boy is surrounded by snow
the girl pushes as hard as she can
the boy pushes as hard as he can
a man posed with his teammates in the background . 
a man posed with both arms out at a competition . 
a man posed at a baseball game . 
there are people working . 
some janitors are sweeping floors and cleaning the campus late at night . 
a group of people are wind surfing over the dunes . 
six people have an absolutely normal poker game . 
a strange ritual is being performed . 
five men are kneeling ,  while another man puts his hands into the air . 
men are in wetsuits
men are standing up
men are sleep . 
a man sitting . 
a man is playing chess while wearing a green tutu . 
a man is taking a nap on a bench . 
a girl in shorts is fishing in a pond . 
a girl wearing a dress looks off a cliff . 
a girl is fishing in the a pond in the summertime . 
a young boy is hitting a pinata . 
a young boy is playing with flour and sugar bags . 
a young man wheres tribal clothes for a ceremony . 
a young man wears clothing . 
a young man wheres a tuxedo . 
a group of people deepsea fishing
a native american actor is about to re-inact a famous gunfight at a tourist ghosttown
a man walks down the street with other people around
the feathers are colorful . 
there is a man . 
the costume is asian . 
the man in the plaid shirt is looking through a telescope to see stars at daytime . 
the older gentleman wearing a plaid shirt and blue pants looks through the telescope . 
a old man in a plaid shirt buys apples at the market . 
the basket is woven . 
the men are sitting . 
the men are brothers . 
a naked man is posing on a ski board with snow in the background . 
a woman is posing on a ski board with lava in the background . 
a man is posing . 
he is making office calls . 
he is trying to get it working again . 
a black man is sitting on a couch at his house . 
a black man is performing in a play . 
a black man is standing on stage . 
a man riding his motorcycle off road . 
a guy standed near the fence . 
a man standed near the fence to show the numbers . 
three people on work break
dog chases 3 cats
three people talk
a group of people analyze art together
a group of people are looking at something
a group of people are at a rave
people walk by a train . 
people at a train station . 
people jumping off of s sheer cliff . 
the girl is playing at the beach . 
the boy is playing at the beach . 
the boy is having fun . 
people are eating in this picture . 
a lone person eats sadly at a truck-stop in the middle of nowhere . 
the people are celebrating their father ' s birthday at a local restaurant . 
a horse is dead . 
a horse is near a man who is about to ride it . 
the man is a musician
the man is 10 years old . 
the man has little hair . 
a boy is walking on a sidewalk ,  reading a book . 
a boy is hungry for some cookies and cakes ,  but doesn ' t have any money . 
a boy is looking at pastries . 
a kid is fast asleep . 
the bowler who just rolled in the bright ,  noisy alley is hoping for a strike . 
someone is in a bowling alley . 
two people cook together . 
the people are cooking a dinner for valentine ' s day . 
two people eat chinese at a chinese buffet . 
a man does a jump trick on his bike . 
a man crashes his bike . 
a man jumps his bike . 
two shabbily dressed women hold mics as they compete in a rap battle in front of a cheering crowd . 
a woman giving a seminar has her words recorded by her transcriber . 
one woman speaking into a microphone while a second woman writes beside her . 
a human standing . 
nobody is standing
a tall human standing
blonde woman drawing on a cafe window . 
woman waiting for a friend at a cafe . 
brunette woman sitting outside a cafe . 
the man is protecting his eyes with sunglasses . 
the man is a hippie . 
the man is standing . 
children are running outside ,  competing in a race . 
children are having fun at tommy ' s birthday party . 
there is a group of people sitting . 
worm crawling along sidewalk
flying black and white bird
bird flying outside against the sky
people are looking at sexy underwear . 
people are not looking at underwear . 
people are looking at underwear . 
a band is playing music . 
a string quartet is practicing . 
a band plays salsa music . 
a worker is working on a new sidewalk outside of a restuarant . 
a cement worker is working on a new sidewalk . 
a worker is working in a restuarant . 
a man sells fresh corn on the side of the road . 
a man wheels a wheelbarrow full of vegetables to a store . 
a man sitting next to a wheelbarrow full of produce . 
a man eating popcorn
a dog catching a ball
a dog catching a ball he just got as a gift
older men eating dinner
older men sitting at a cafe
older men playing shuffle
a car sets a gas station on fire . 
two items on fire . 
a car is going through the car wash . 
someone is selling paintings . 
someone is selling artwork . 
someone is begging for money . 
there is a fresh food market . 
vegetables are being sold under a white tent . 
people are eating fast food . 
the people are pretending to sleep . 
the children are playing a bedtime game with their parents . 
the three children and adults are sitting and watching tv . 
a girl is performing . 
they are at a performance . 
he is playing guitar for the crowd . 
a man and a woman are running as part of their training for a marathon . 
the people are running outside . 
an old man walks by himself through the city . 
a woman is standing and looking at a book . 
a woman is looking at a book . 
a woman is deciding whether or not to read a book . 
older man talking
older man is sleeping
grandpa is lecturing
the woman are enjoying a nice date out at the zoo . 
two woman are petting a animal . 
the woman are wearing bikinis and petting an elephant . 
people tossing out their disgusting meals at a sketchy restaurant . 
people eating stuff outdoors . 
some people enjoying their brunch together in the outdoor seating area of a restaurant for mother ' s day . 
a man in shorts
the man is at home sleeping
the man is a doctor
a man is taking a picture of a dog ,  while a woman watches . 
two people are posing for a portrait . 
a happy young couple are posing for a portrait . 
an extreme mountain biker in mid-jump from underneath rider showing a red sky . 
an extreme biker in mid-jump from underneath rider showing a blue sky . 
a man and woman dance alone
a couple dances among other people
a couple dance together at their wedding reception
there is a shirt . 
the man is fat . 
the shirt is a navy shirt . 
a man walks his dog with a black leash . 
a dog on a red leash walking away . 
a dog on a red leash getting ready to go to the beach . 
a man is riding his bike
a man is showing a group of people perfect biking form
a man is driving a blue vehicle
a man at the opening of a large tree
a man at the opening of a small bush
a man at the opening of a large tree in his yard
the dog is a labrador retriever . 
there ' s a dog and an orange on the floor . 
the fruit next to the dog is an apple . 
there is a man riding a bicycle . 
the man is wearing a pijama . 
a cyclist is in a competition . 
a duffer hits to the green using a sand wedge . 
the game of golf being played . 
a drive off of the first tee . 
a person is looking at something from afar . 
a girl is looking at the sky from far away . 
a girl sleeping on the ground . 
a group of climbers takes a break . 
a group of climbers celebrates at the top of everest . 
a scuba diver runs out of air . 
a boy throwing a stone . 
a boy with no shirt on throws rocks . 
a boy is at a baseball game . 
a man walking around in nature
a man walking around in nature because he ' s lost
a woman at the beach
a woman on a street holding a newspaper that says "real change"
a woman holding a newspaper that says "real change"
a woman with a newspaper that says "real change" on the ground next to her
males are socializing with each other while wearing casual clothes . 
the men are selling clothes in a sports store . 
the men play baseball together . 
a single person stands on a heavily-eroded large cliff-side rock
a single person stands on a heavily-eroded cliff-side spaceship
a single person stands on a heavily-eroded cliff-side rock
he is chinese . 
he is walking on his hands . 
he is outside . 
two people are walking in the snowy woods behind their home . 
two people are going for a stroll in the woods . 
two people are soaking up the sun in the summer time . 
a boy has a white t-shirt and pink sweater
a boy has a yellow t-shirt and pink sweater . 
a person in a shirt
a boy has a light yellow t-shirt and pink sweater . 
nobody has a shirt
a tall person in a shirt
the man is alone sleeping in his bedroom on the moon . 
the man is near another person . 
the man is outdoors . 
a vendor is selling loaves of bread to pedestrians . 
a person has food outside . 
a woman is baking bread in the oven . 
a young lady is ordering food . 
the old man was walking with his cane . 
a young lady is ordering from a food truck . 
a bucket of flowers is carried by a woman . 
a woman carrying a bucket of flowers at night . 
a dog carrying a basket of food . 
the man is in a jeep . 
the man is asleep . 
the man is outside on a boat . 
three kids performed a camping skit . 
three boys performed a skit . 
five adults went camping . 
the child is in a playground . 
a father and child playing together . 
the child is crawling in the sand . 
a group of people are planning something . 
a group of people are kicking each other . 
a group of people are standing . 
two cars were in an accident . 
the gray van had smashed the green sedan ' s bumper off . 
two cars waited patiently for the light to turn green . 
women are visiting . 
women are chatting in a restaurant . 
women are knitting scarves for the homeless . 
a funny person standing . 
nobody is standing . 
a human standing . 
some men are hungry . 
friends are preparing a meal . 
two men are reading books . 
a couple on a date lay next to each other in a park . 
two people are lying outside . 
two people are playing with a frisbee at a park . 
a man is taking things that he bought at the store home . 
a man is pushing a baby carriage . 
a man is moving items in a cart . 
two girls are somewhere cold . 
the two girls have no arms . 
the snowballs are from fresh snow . 
a woman is writing on a napkin and showing it to her friend . 
a male uses paint to stencil words on  a circular sign laying horizontal yet made to be erected . 
a guy works on a sign by putting letters on its round surface while it ' s on the ground . 
the people are crying in their sleep
the people are laughing
the people are a couple
she is listening to music . 
she is playing soccer in a field . 
a girl is inside a vehicle . 
a man is sitting in his basement . 
a man is signaling the start of a race . 
a man is shooting a gun . 
the band sets up their instruments . 
the bearded man plays a song and sings along . 
a musician plays on his instrument . 
the guy kicked something
the guy kicked his hat
the dog ate a spoon
a person is outside . 
a person is standing outside in the rain looking at flood damage . 
a person is standing in a grassy field in the sun . 
a young man is trying to balance on the train tracks while riding his bicycle . 
a young man is flying a drone at the park . 
a young man is trying to balance . 
a woman wearing a snowsuit is skiing . 
a man is working outside wearing no shirt because it ' s hot outside . 
a topless man is working outside . 
she is talking to her dad on her phone . 
the girl is very old . 
there is a little girl . 
the bride hugs the other person . 
the president takes the oath of office . 
the newly married couple kiss . 
three people are leading a parade . 
two men are on stilts while a woman dances between them in the parade . 
three people are on a parade float . 
a man is showing off his prize winning mule . 
there has been an accident
the men are working
there are 6 men in priest robes
a child is in a baby carrier . 
a child sleeps in a crib . 
the child is wearing a helmet because it is going on a bike ride with its mother soon . 
two boys are carrying a bug in a garbage bag . 
two boys are walking together carrying a bag . 
two boys are sleeping beside the garbage bag . 
a person is reaching up . 
a person is sitting in a chair . 
a person is reaching up to grab something . 
the couple are hispanic . 
the couple are on a bus . 
the couple are in their parent ' s car . 
a lady in a dress is trying to sell her yarn animals . 
a man in a dress has a bag of wooden toys . 
a lady in a dress has a container of yarn toys . 
some people are walking on the beach collecting sea shells . 
people are walking on the beach . 
a man in a red shirt is reading at the park . 
a lot of people are in a race
people are crossing a finish line
people are getting ready to run
a man is holding a mop on a roof . 
a man is jumping off a building . 
a man is not happy about having to clean the roof . 
there are a lot of birds outside by the sidewalk . 
the boy is in the dog park with a bunch of dogs . 
there is a little boy standing on the sidewalk . 
gymnast group preparing for a competition . 
gymnasts wearing matching leotards practicing . 
band performs onstage to an empty room . 
the woman is laughing at a joke . 
a woman is wearing colorful clothing . 
the woman is not laughing . 
folks riding bikes . 
a couple gets married at the courthouse . 
a couple ride their bikes on a date . 
there are people outside . 
people on a double date in the city . 
people eating lunch together . 
the military veteran had entered an art contest and won first place ! 
the man ,  wearing scuba gear ,  jumps off the side of the boat into the ocean below . 
there is one man in the picture . 
a group of people including a man and a woman are playing instruments on a double-decker red planet hollywood sightseeing bus . 
a group of people on a bus are sightseeing . 
five people jumped the bridge . 
the bus is going to celebrity houses . 
there is a bus carrying a lot of people on it . 
there is a cat driving a car . 
a boy rides his bike
a girl runs down the street
a colorfully dressed child rides a bike
some people are outside
some families have babies . 
families have some dogs in front of a carousel
two children surf in the ocean . 
two children build a sand castle . 
two children surf . 
there are many trucks
a dog jumps
there are many food trucks
a youth skateboards by a mural that has been vandalised . 
a youth bikes by a mural . 
a youth skateboards by a mural . 
runners see a dragon costumed person
runners are sleeping
runners see something
a woman is inside
a woman is cleaning for her husban
a woman is at the beach
a man is standing in a desert . 
a man is outside in the snow . 
a man is about to throw a snowball at someone . 
some of the people shown are related . 
everyone here is playing some video games . 
the family is taking place in the event in memory of another family member . 
a cat is running through a field . 
a dog is running . 
a dog is chasing a duck . 
the people are using their fingers to paint with . 
the people are making a welcome home sign . 
the people are using paint brushes . 
a 16 year old doing homework . 
the boy sitting on top of his dads truck . 
a teenager working on homework . 
the project is a large percentage over his overall grade in the class . 
the boy ' s project is for a school activity . 
the boy peeks through a doorway at people working on their shop class project . 
the chefs are making food for themselves . 
chefs are making food for customers . 
the customers are entertained while watching the chefs make the food . 
a black man with no hair is wearing his safety glasses around his neck . 
a bald black man is painting on a canvas with paint on a pick and hammer . 
a black man with no hair is making a scultpure with a pick and a hammer . 
inmates are cleaning up a beach . 
empty trash cans are sitting on a beach . 
there are people at the beach . 
a few people are near the ocean
people are swimming in the ocean . 
two squirrels run after acorns in the grass . 
two dogs chase each other in the afternoon sun . 
two dogs run in the grass . 
a man holds a comb on a box
someone in a plaid shirt sits on a box with something in hand
a man waits tables insdie
they are playing a game . 
the boy is jumping over kids . 
the children are standing up crying . 
a few dogs are playing outsides . 
3 dogs are sleeping . 
one dog is timid to participate . 
people are celebrating . 
the people are family . 
there are two people . 
an outdoor concert at the park . 
a few people are sitting at a table with forks in hand . 
a few people are eating burgers and fries at a birthday party . 
they are at the park
they are all playing checkers
the people are outside
a couple is writing a letter to their landlord . 
two people are following a path outside that their grandfather paved 100 years ago . 
two individuals are walking outdoors . 
a young man drinking a beer
a young man smoking a cigar
a young man smoking a cigarette
cheerleaders are standing on a bridge . 
cheerleaders are wearing outside . 
cheerleaders are practicing their routines . 
a football coach talks with his player in front of the team and the crowd
a football coach is instructing a player on the sidelines
a football player is climbing into the stands at a game
a man has a beer with him . 
he is drinking to fall asleep . 
a woman has a beer . 
a young woman is sitting down
the young woman is enjoying the sun
the young woman is sitting on a bench in the rain . 
a blonde woman sits on a bench outside in a park . 
a brunette woman sits on a sofa . 
a blonde woman sits on a bench . 
a brazilian woman carries groceries home . 
a woman walks outdoors . 
a norwegian man carries groceries home . 
a cheerleader passes out shirts
a player passes out hotdogs
a cheerleader passes out team shirts
players pass out footballs to the crowd
cheerleaders pass out rolled up t shirts
cheerleaders pass out new t shirts to the opposing team
a dog is barking out of the window . 
a brown dog is racing another dog . 
a dog is racing . 
a pet is sleeping by the fireplace . 
there is a dog outside . 
a dog is running back home . 
an old indian man is sleep
an old indian man is dressed up
an old indian man is running on the ground . 
nobody is carrying anything
a person in a top
a tall person carrying stuff
two girls are getting ready to ride horses . 
a horse is eating a banana . 
two girls are near an animal . 
someone plays a game
a woman plays polo
an indian man plays cricket
the man is sweating from his run . 
a man is outside on the streets . 
a man is running on a sidewalk with no painting . 
the basketball player is stretching on the sidelines . 
the player is one of the best in the league . 
a basketball player is playing basketball . 
two people are about to be in water . 
a husband and wife are being spontaneous by jumping in a freezing river . 
two people are in a helicopter ,  high above the sahara desert . 
the bird is in the air . 
the bird is on the ground . 
the bird is having trouble flying . 
some people are playing rugby . 
someone is playing hockey . 
a person carrying a bag with a girl behind her
a woman carrying a bag ,  with a girl behind her
a woman carrying a girl ,  with a bag behind her
a killer seeks prey . 
inside the closet is dark . 
a man in a costume speaking to another man . 
a dark headed man in a suit speaking to a seated woman . 
a man speaking to a woman . 
a young boy is grilling vegetables . 
a young boy is using a utensil to handle meat on a grill . 
a young boy is grilling steak . 
a man is sleeping on a cot . 
a man is calling his wife . 
a man is on the phone . 
a female is near a male . 
the crowd is watching a parade . 
the wife is taking a photo of her husband . 
the man is hiding from his friend . 
the man is inside . 
the man is outside . 
a lady with an axe is standing in the middle of a crowded mall . 
a lady with an axe is posing in the middle of the woods . 
a lady is posing as a woodsman for a photoshoot . 
people rock climb with rope . 
people sit on a couch . 
some people go on an adventure . 
the woman is adjusting the boat . 
the woman is on an airplane . 
the captain of the boat is preparing for rough waters . 
two people are hiking with backpacks on in warm weather . 
two people are hiking with backpacks up a snowy slope . 
two people are cold hiking with their backpacks up a snowy slope . 
two mountaineers walking on a mountain . 
two mountaineers in a race across a mountain . 
two mountaineers sitting at the beach . 
a white man is painting his house . 
a person is painting . 
a black man is painting a protest sign . 
a man poses for a picture . 
a person is in front of a brick wall . 
a hairy person naps . 
there are people outside
the man and woman are married . 
the woman is a secret agent on mission to murder the man . 
an old man plays the violin to a group of people . 
a musician practices on his guitar briefly before a concert . 
the man is playing the guitar . 
a man is riding a mammoth . 
a man is riding a brown horse while protecting his head with a helmet . 
a man is practicing for a horse race . 
people are waiting in a line during a scorching drought . 
people are in a snowstorm . 
people are waiting in line for food to get through the snowstorm with
someone who plays a xylophone
some people walking on the road
xylophone is played by someone
the men are wearing black pants . 
a group of girls talk and laugh outside . 
a man and a small multicolored dog are in the water . 
a man forces his cat to learn how to use a diving board . 
a man teaches his puppy how to swim . 
children are playing childish games while others stand by . 
children are napping on a floor . 
children are napping on a floor inside a pre school . 
a woman is carrying a serving tray filled with tiny sandwiches . 
a woman wearing white and black grips a steering wheel with both hands as she evades the police . 
a woman is carrying a serving tray . 
the girl plays soccer with some friends . 
the soccer ball is chasing the girl . 
their is a girl playing soccer in a field . 
a dog is running through a marshy area . 
a dog is chasing a dragonfly through the marsh . 
a yellow dog is chasing a rabbit . 
two women are fighting . 
two men are boxing . 
two men are punching eachother . 
a guy looks upon a collision between motorboats . 
a guy looks upon a collision between two hondas and a schwinn . 
a guy looks upon a collision between vehicles . 
a man is mowing his lawn . 
a man is standing and testing model airplanes . 
a man is testing model airplanes . 
three men in red uniforms celebrating a goal in front of a crowd at a soccer stadium . 
three men in blue block a soccer ball . 
three men in red uniforms celebrating a goal at a soccer game outside . 
the boy and his dad walk along the edge of the pond . 
people watch ducks in a pond . 
the man and his son stand at the edge of a pond . 
a boy holds some flashcards in his hands
a boy watches tv . 
a boy punches his new flashcards from the carboard they came i . 
the flowers are lilacs . 
the woman is wearing dark clothing . 
the woman is old . 
two men are late for work . 
some mechanics at work . 
some men work on a machine on a wall . 
people are outside . 
people walk around an inside mall . 
people are enjoying the sunny day at the market . 
the man and his dog are taking a boat ride . 
there is sand in the ground . 
the man is at the beach fishing . 
a group of adults and kids . 
a woman drinks moonshine . 
the coaches give the team last minute directions . 
there is a busy intersection with a homeless man on the ground . 
a child is upset and crying on the ground . 
someone is about to cross the road while someone else watches . 
a man is prone on the street while another man stands next to him . 
a man calls 911 after another man is hit by a car . 
two women stand on the sidewalk and hail a cab
a girl moving her muscles to get exercise in . 
a girl trying to get fit for a bodybuilding competition . 
two guys lifting oranges to build up muscles . 
a family is enjoying a night at home . 
a family is sitting together inside a house . 
a family is out to eat at a restaurant . 
a boy riding a roller-coaster
a woman is riding a roller-coaster
a little boy is riding a roller-coaster
there is a dog doing the moonwalk in the background . 
a man is taking a picture in the rain . 
a man is taking a picture outdoors while a woman walks behind him . 
the men are operating a machine
two men are having sex
the machinery is very large
two men cut some plastic . 
two friends help each other by cutting some plastic . 
two friends drink beer . 
a woman is sitting beside a pool . 
a woman is swimming . 
a woman is practicing her swimming technique . 
two girls ride an amusement park ride . 
the two girls are nervous about riding the park ride . 
two girls play jump rope in the street . 
a woman is standing by a fire pit . 
a woman older than thirty is outside in winter . 
a woman is exploring containers for something . 
the woman is holding a camera . 
the woman is photographing a wedding . 
the woman is a professional photographer . 
the boys are stretching . 
the boys are stretching before doing gymnastics . 
the boys are sleeping . 
three college women are studing . 
three woman are watching tv . 
three women are reading and writing . 
a soccer player kicks and scores a goal . 
a soccer player is walking to his car . 
there is a field with a parking lot . 
the man is homeless . 
there is a bald man . 
the man is watching t . v . 
the children are less than 20 yrs old . 
the two boys and one girl are limbless . 
the three children are related to each other . 
a man is sound checking his guitar in the back room before a gig . 
a microphone is near the stage . 
a rocker is doing soundcheck for his performance by speaking into the microphone . 
the person is snowboarding on top of a mountain . 
the person is surfing on the water . 
the person is snowboarding . 
a person skate boarding . 
a roller skater doing a back flip . 
a skateboarder doing a kick flip midair . 
a young person in white next to an older person . 
a young person is standing next to a relative . 
a young person in black next to an older person . 
two young boys show prints of a line drawing of inanimate objects . 
girls are displaying their animal drawings in a local kid ' s drawing competition . 
there are young girls showing animal drawings . 
two women are reading ,  one has a magazine ,  while the other has a book . 
two women are in the library reading . 
two women are cooking ,  one has steak ,  while the other has burgers . 
a young girl is playing . 
a young girl is sitting in her chair . 
a young girl is having fun . 
a woman is holding her bag and talking . 
a man yells at the television for no reason . 
a woman holding a bag ,  and talking on her cellphone ,  is standing on the corner of the street ,  waiting to cross . 
two men pose in suits
a girl looks stylish for the camera
a girl with a helmet wears a dog tag
tall firemen stand outside of their firetruck with all its lights on . 
policemen stand outside of their firetruck with all its lights on . 
people stand outside of their firetruck with all its lights on . 
a man is getting ready to shovel the snow so he can park his car . 
a man is outside in the snow . 
a man is standing on a large field of lava . 
a person is skateboarding
a cow is eating grass
a crowd is loudly cheering as the skateboarder does a 900
a man holds a briefcase . 
a man is going to work on a subway . 
a man is standing in the middle of a field with a briefcase . 
a young bicycle rider walks on top of a downed tree for fun . 
a female child ,  with no shoes but a helmet on ,   walks on top of a tree that has fallen down . 
the child wearing sneakers skips down a forest path . 
a girl might fall off a tree . 
a girl doesn ' t like balancing on a tree . 
a girl is playing on a tree . 
the boy is jumping up
the boy is sitting on the couch
the boy is bouncing on the sofa
some children in the forest pass by a plastic triceratops . 
children are being chased by a velociraptor . 
young people are running outdoors . 
a trumpeter practices for an orchestra . 
a drummer playing on drums . 
a drummer practicing for a concert . 
the team wearing white is winning the game . 
a woman wearing red plays hockey . 
two men are engaging in a sporting activity . 
two twin pups holding onto the same bone . 
a litter of kittens . 
two litter brothers fight over a bone . 
the boys are working on an art project . 
the boys are wearing red shirts . 
there are children wearing blue . 
a man is in a dress and has a laptop in front of him
a man in a red raincoat is looking to the opposite site of the camera as he poses with others
man jumping over the fence on his bicycle trying to escape from the dog . 
man doing a trick riding his bicycle . 
the man attending a meeting in his office . 
children playing a game on green grass . 
sisters are tossing a frisbee back and forth in the park . 
two girls are walking beside a pond with ducks and swans . 
a woman giving her dog a bath
a woman walking a dog
a woman walking her dog before leaving to work
the people are outside skating . 
the people are sleeping in the train station . 
the people are falling down a lot . 
a boy is near a waterfall . 
a girl is near a frozen waterfall . 
a young girl is by a waterfall . 
a girl standing near ice . 
a girl is standing in a winter landscape . 
music can be learn by litsen
there is no way one can learn music
lessons are there to learn
a mother and child walking up a street
two adults on a street
two people wearing red outfits walking on a street
a security officer is outside . 
a security officer is dressed in a uniform . 
a security officer is in an office building . 
the cyclist rides quickly alone on a wooded path
the cyclist rides alone on a wooded path
the cyclist rides with a companion on a wooded path
the brazilian woman is walking through the desert . 
there is women navigating through the fields . 
the african woman is looking for someone in the fields . 
a person standing in a corn field . 
a person standing in a wheat field . 
a person standing in a wheat field of his boss . 
a wet golden retriever is in a lake . 
a whale is in the lake . 
a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake to find a ball . 
people are protesting outside of an abortion clinic
people sit and stand together by a building
people are throwing rocks at each other
the man has blue sunglasses . 
the man likes taking pictures . 
the man has two cameras . 
two women walk
a woman takes a bath
two women walk to work
a man ' s car broke down . 
a man is sitting on a car . 
a man is snowboarding . 
a man is in the city . 
a man is walking . 
a man is sitting in the sun . 
a person was thinking about jumping off a rock cliff . 
a person sitting on a rock cliff . 
a person was sitting on the road . 
a man has his boy and his dog out enjoying time spent together while shopping . 
a man is all alone looking at postcards . 
a man with a boy and their white dog are looking at postcards . 
the man is driving himself somewhere . 
the man doesn ' t want to be seen . 
the man is going somewhere . 
foods are not stored in room by a man . 
a man dumping items from a bin to another bin to throw it in dry place . 
it is food collection room as a donation . 
two kids are making a model . 
two children are doing something together . 
two kids play in a park . 
a man in rubber boots and a work apron is rubbing his face in between pulling floating objects . 
a worker pulls up his long boots before climbing onto the flotation device . 
a man wearing work clothes and boots is working on a flotation device . 
a person is on a boat fishing . 
a person is working at a market . 
a person is slicing up a fish to sell . 
the guy with the afro is eating spinach
the guy with the afro is playing on the guitar for his mom
the guy with the afro is playing on the guitar
the photographer is well dressed and carries a camera . 
the man with the stripped shirt is carrying a camera on his body . 
a man wearing a sweater is carrying a golf club . 
young women are surfing in the ocean . 
young women are outdoors . 
a group of hikers pause for a break . 
a bird is wallowing on a pole . 
a bird is sleeping on a pole line . 
a bird is standing on a pole line . 
the people are dying of old age
they are at a wedding
the boy is wearing formal clothes
a giraffe is on a chair
a person is in a vehicle
a boy is homeless
two boys are at a machine . 
two boys are going to purchase sodas . 
two girls are in front of the snack machine . 
people sit on a beach to tan . 
people don ' t like sand . 
people sit on a beach . 
the man is walking a large pitbull . 
a man is near a dog . 
the man is a mailman . 
two people are listening to the other person on the table speak . 
there are three women sitting on a table . 
three people standing on a table yelling and ignoring everyone else . 
an insane child hugs a birdhouse . 
there is a child and a birdhouse . 
a child has no arms . 
the lady is giving the old man a hug . 
the young sad lady is giving the old man a hug . 
the young man is giving the old man a hug . 
there are people making different poses . 
the three people are all female . 
three woman are shopping at the mall . 
a tall person in a blouse
nobody has a blouse
a person in a blouse
a man is at a concert playing for a large crowd . 
a man is walking . 
a man is singing . 
a couple stands near some stairs . 
a couple celebrates getting engaged . 
a couple sits on the stairs . 
a man and woman just got engaged
a man is kissing a dog
a man is kissing a woman
a boy has a white balloon . 
a boy has a yellow balloon . 
a boy has a light yellow balloon . 
a woman sits silently . 
a woman has heard a joke . 
a woman is at a dinner table . 
walkers inside the mall
walkers under a blue sky near the beach
walkers under a blue sky
there ' s a young boy with rocks in hand . 
the area around the boy is completely dry . 
there is a rock currently skipping down a pond . 
the dog is at home with his owner . 
the dog loves to be here . 
the dog is outdoors . 
the man is doing science . 
a man is wearing a coat . 
the man is wearing a baseball uniform . 
two students jumping in a class . 
a class of completely seated students . 
two students disrupting class . 
the photo was of two men . 
there are two women in the photo
the woman in the two paneled photo is the other woman ' s relative
a runner is working out on the sand . 
there is a person jogging by the shore . 
the old lady spends a good time relaxing on the lounge . 
a man is walking near an archery range . 
there is a businessman is walking . 
a guy is jogging in a sweatsuit . 
there are people outside . 
there is a black dog outside . 
there is a dog sleeping on the bed . 
a woman prepares to shoot a free throw at the staples center . 
a woman in a white and red basketball uniform . 
a woman in a white and yellow baseball uniform with the number fifteen on her chest prepares to shoot a free throw . 
the man and the young girl are having fun . 
the man and young girl are talking to the moon . 
the man and young girl are playing hide and seek . 
a man and a woman are playing together . 
people are playing a variation of baseball . 
two men are playing basketball . 
a man and a woman playing badminton . 
two people playing basketball outside . 
two people holding rackets . 
two football players are talking . 
two ballerina are talking . 
two woman are talking . 
a man is working . 
a man is sleeping . 
a man is holding a sign . 
people carrying bikes . 
people carrying their bikes at night . 
bikers racing downhill . 
a man in a purple suit is dumping a bucket of water over his head . 
a sideshow man in a black costume is performing a trick with fire for the audience . 
the cart of water is for children . 
the cart of water is large . 
the cart is full of beer . 
men using metal rods
men dont like their lunch
a bird flies
a man ridding his bike . 
the man doing a trick in the air . 
the man fell off his bike . 
people have bikes . 
people are having fun . 
no one is riding a bike . 
the man is in a submarine
the man admires the craftsmanship
the arch is old
two women are dancing in the street wearing dresses . 
two women are taking place in a protest by dressing as police . 
two women look like police in similar jackets standing in the street . 
women cooking dinner
women talking on the beach
women playing a sport
two kids are in a field . 
the kids are playing soccer in the field with their dog . 
the kids are flying a kite . 
an older man rides a bike in front of a bus with a movie poster on it . 
an older man sits on a bus and watches people riding motorcycles . 
an older man rides his bike and is almost hit by a bus because he is looking at the ironman poster . 
the women are looking at a bouquet of flower
two women are looking
the women are hot
a man juggling balls . 
a man in a circus with flaming staff . 
a man juggling . 
the man enjoys dogs . 
the man eats dog pie . 
a man is playing with dogs . 
a soccer player tries to score a goal and the opposing team stops it . 
a soccer player scored a goal in an iternational championship game . 
a soccer player scored a goal . 
a woman in a gray shirt and pink wristband plays guitar
a man in a gray shirt and pink wristband plays drums
a man in a gray shirt and pink wristband plays drums during a concert
a woman is enjoying a beer . 
a woman is standing by the food . 
a woman is sitting near food . 
a lady is standing . 
the lady is holding a porcelain cup . 
there is a table next to a lady . 
a woman tacking a note to a door . 
a woman taping a job notice on a bulletin board . 
a woman taping something to a board . 
a king sits behind some drums . 
the queen of england sits behind some drums . 
a man is behind some drums . 
a boy is choosing a birthday gift for himself at the store . 
a child is chasing a rabbit in the yard . 
a kid is interested in a toy . 
a hot air balloon is crashing down to earth . 
a hot air balloon is rising in to the sky . 
a hot air balloon is making a landing . 
an asian mother holding her baby girl . 
a father holding a ball . 
a person holding a child . 
a child is chasing a car . 
a boy is outdoors . 
a boy sits in the road . 
a man walking backwards
a wife taking groceries home to her family
a woman outside
a woman is leaving trader joe ' s with a full shopping cart of things she just stole . 
a man is in a driveway washing his car . 
a woman is walking away from trader joe ' s with a full shopping cart . 
a worker searches a ruined building . 
a survivor searches for a meal . 
a rescue worker searches for survivors . 
a man is searching for survivors . 
an area is lit up by flashlight . 
a fireman is in the dark . 
a fireman with an axe stands in a burning house . 
a fireman with an axe looks at some debris . 
a fireman sits at his station . 
a man in a uniform is talking to another man . 
a man in a police uniform is talking to another man . 
a man in a swimsuit is talking to another man . 
the man has no arms . 
the man is holding a stick . 
the man is killing a spider . 
a man is outside . 
the man is being served food under an umbrella . 
the man is inside the restaurant in a booth . 
children are burning flags in protest . 
children are welcoming home soldiers
children are waving flags . 
a man driving a go kart ,  numbered 34 ,  on a narrow dirt road . 
a man driving a go kart ,  numbered 65 ,  on a narrow paved road . 
a man driving a go kart ,  numbered 65 ,  on a narrow paved road in the snow . 
the child ' s hands are on the man ' s head . 
a small child is standing by the man . 
th small child is watching a performance . 
grandparents watch their grandkids play in the water . 
a group of people are playing in the water . 
a group of kids slide down a water slide as their parents watch them . 
a young man is standing on both feet barefooted . 
a child is standing on one foot . 
a person in a black shirt is standing on one foot . 
a woman is dancing . 
a woman is reading a book in her house . 
a woman is dancing to a mans guitar playing . 
one of the cartoon character is upset . 
all of the cartoon characters are sleeping while standing up . 
there ' s a gathering of cartoon characters . 
people are feeding ducks . 
people are crossing the street during a parade . 
people are waiting to cross the street . 
a little girl is waiting for her parents . 
little boy blows spit at people who walk by . 
little girls blows bubbles . 
an older gentleman looks away from the camera while he is building a birdhouse . 
a human looks at the camera while building something . 
an older gentleman in overalls looks at the camera while he is building a stained red deck in front of a house . 
a boy is watching a cartoon from a recliner . 
someone is sitting outside waiting for a friend to arrive . 
a guy is relaxing outside . 
the people are tourists . 
the people are taking a science test . 
the people are near a sign . 
two men without shirts are jumping in the street . 
a dog is sleeping in a home . 
two naked men are practicing dance moves on the street . 
an abadnoned boy is playing with his toy in the ghetto alley . 
a boy played in the streets with his motorized car . 
no boy is outside in the streets playing . 
the small child is dressed in tank top and shorts . 
the small child is dressed for winter . 
the small child is dressed in a parka . 
a dog runs with a stick in his mouth . 
a dog runs toward his owner with a stick in his mouth . 
a dog barks at the wall . 
a man is exercising by water . 
a man runs along a path . 
a man walks to the store . 
there are people in a pool . 
the girl is jumping to her father in the pool . 
there is a a lot of people on a train . 
a boy is jumping his skateboard while his friends watch . 
a girl is picks up her skateboard . 
a boy is jumping his skateboard
the people are enjoying a meal . 
the people are dancing around the room in a conga line . 
the group is discussing the next project for work . 
a woman is trying to get her dog to go to the bathroom after it has freshly snowed . 
a woman is with her dog outside . 
a woman and her cat are laying by the fireplace . 
two old friends catching up with each other . 
boxing match between two star fighters . 
older man with green jacket conversing with another man . 
a man argues with another who is making threatening jeastures
a man orders a mamosa for another man
a man argues with another who is raising his fist
this woman is skiing down a hill in a tournament . 
this woman is skiing down a grassy hill . 
this woman is on a hill . 
a woman and two kids next to each other . 
a mother is waiting for the bus with her kids . 
an adult and two children are on a rollercoaster . 
a person in face paint
a tall person in face paint
nobody has face paint
the group sits under a pavilion at an amusement part as rain pours down from the heavens . 
a group from the local 4-h club enjoy a day at the local amusement part as part of their year-end celebration . 
a picture of people enjoying themselves at an amusement park . 
the girl is wearing pink color frok
a girl is playing electronic drums
the girl is playing cricket
this man is an athlete . 
the man is going to turn left at the green arrow . 
this man is outside . 
a man and a dog are sitting on the couch . 
a man and a dog are at a park . 
a man and a dog are at a dog park . 
a woman is using a large umbrella . 
a woman is not using an umbrella . 
a woman is using an umbrella . 
the vest is nice and warm . 
the woman is wearing a full sleeved jacket . 
the woman is wearing a vest . 
a boy is swimming in the bay . 
a child is surprised by the ships . 
a child is at the bay . 
the group is fighitng eachother
the group is going to buy something
three men adn a woman look at produce
two children are having fun together
two children are together
both of the children are sitting in dirt
a red motocross bike is being taken over a jump by a rider ,  while performing a trick . 
a rider is riding his motocross bike . 
a man is sitting on his bicycle ,  waiting for the light to turn green . 
3 smiling people on a boat
3 boating people being video taped . 
3 boating people being attacked by lions . 
the people are hungry . 
the crowd is playing hockey . 
there is a crowd outside the restaurant . 
a child enjoys summer vacation
a cat sleeps on the couch
the man is naked
a man is smiling
the man is an agent
the man has performed this trick before . 
the skateboard has 8 wheels . 
the guy is a skateboarder . 
timmy stares at the remains of jimmy hoffa
young snowboarder sizing up their next jump
ski season has now begun
the person is walking
the person is running
the person is old
the man is at the bank . 
the man is trying to add color to his sculpture . 
the man is working on art . 
a man sitting and woman punching him the face . 
a man sitting and woman laying in his lap . 
a couple are preparing to be intimate . 
the man is fixing a car . 
the man is swimming in a pool . 
the man is a mechanic . 
people on a nature walk with no equipment and trees to the right of them . 
people walking through nature . 
people on a nature walk with nets and backpacks with trees to the left of them hope to return to camp before sundown . 
a man is holding a snowboard . 
a man is holding a surfboard on the black sand beach . 
a man is holding a surfboard . 
there is a water scene with a full moon in the back . 
there is a young couple at the water scene . 
there is a water scene with the sunset in the back . 
a man is showing off for his friends . 
a man is performing a trick on a bike . 
a woman is performing a speech for her workers . 
a man watches surfing on television . 
a person with a wakeboard . 
a person rides on a wakeboard along the beach . 
two people are going to kiss . 
a man and woman are on a date . 
two men are kissing . 
two men work in a butchers shop ,  selling steak . 
a man sells fish from a stall in the fish market . 
two men work at a market . 
a teen is practicing his skateboard skills . 
there is a person skateboarding . 
a leprechaun is skateboarding . 
man coaches players
people excercise on court
man sleeps in bed
nobody is in orange
tall humans in orange
humans in orange
the woman is watching the children eat their lunch . 
a woman wears a plaid jacket as she stands near children sitting at a table . 
a woman in a pink coat is watching children play a board game . 
the batsman is on a different team than the others around the pitching mound . 
the baseball players threw soccer balls at the batsman . 
the pitcher just struck out the opposing player at bat . 
a doctor prescribes some medicine . 
a man covered in paint after a paintball fight takes a photo . 
a man covered in paint takes a photo . 
a man wearing only a hat ,  boots ,  and underwear is walking the sidewalk
a man wearing only a hat ,  boots ,  and underwear is walking the sidewalk at night
a man wearing only a hat ,  boots ,  and underwear is licking the sidewalk
two girls playing hopscotch . 
two girls playing a game . 
two girls with short blonde hair playing a game . 
a group of asians record a video . 
a group of asians record multiple videos . 
a woman holds her daughter . 
a woman holds a little girl . 
a man talks to another . 
there are animals outdoors . 
some mammals want to live and the others don ' t want them to . 
species of animals are indoors . 
a little girl in a pink shirt is ready to run in the woods . 
a little girl is standing outside . 
a little girl is inside on her computer . 
a man is walking outside . 
a homeless man strolls through the street . 
a man is carrying a bunch of kittens . 
the father and son are repairing the sign . 
the two men are fighting . 
the boy and his father making the post look better . 
the dog is jumping over some pillows to get to a treat . 
the dog is jumping over pillows . 
the dog is laying down on the bed . 
the lady is talking on her phne
the men are headed to the movies
the lady is shpping
a man is wearing a mask
a woman is wearing a mask
the man ' s mask is a clown face
the people are sleeping . 
some people perform at a concert . 
there are people making music . 
the dog is going to catch a frisbee . 
the dog is going to catch a baseball . 
the dog is outside . 
a woman is yelling at a crowd and they cannot hear her because she has no microphone . 
a woman is giving a speech about her beliefs while playing the drums . 
a woman is playing drums and speaking at the same time . 
there are people at a lacrosse game . 
there are men in suits sitting in a restaurant . 
a couple and their dog are in their living room . 
a couple is walking their dog to the park . 
a dog is going for a walk . 
3 men are running
3 girls are resting
a small child is coming home from school
a small child is walking on a road
a small child is boxing in the ring
something happened that just surprised a woman . 
the woman looks surprised and is yelling angrily . 
a woman looks surprised because someone just dropped to one knee and proposed ! 
the man tore down the shed . 
the man didn ' t know if he was a construction worker or carpenter . 
the carpenter was almost finished . 
a dog is playing in the grass . 
the black dog has a red toy . 
two men with matching baseball team shirts are folding a towel . 
two women are having coffee . 
two men are in the living room . 
the jackets being worn are red . 
some men wearing red winter jackets are looking over a lake and listening to music . 
two women are staring at a mountain and neither has any headphones or jackets . 
some men wearing jackets are looking out over the water and one has earphones in . 
the man listening to music is listening to kanye west . 
the jackets are blue . 
a woman running through a sunny field . 
a man standing next to a run down building . 
a person standing near a building . 
young people and a kid are walking in the forest . 
the old folks were racing in their wheel chairs in the rain . 
young people and a kid are walking on a sunny day . 
two men are mud wrestling . 
two men are surprised by the skunk near them . 
two men are shocked by what they see . 
children enjoy the last few moments in a park before a rainstorm . 
the children are playing on a slide . 
a girl is reading a book . 
a human is standing between two large objects . 
a person is sitting between two televisions . 
an old man is standing between two giant statues that look like tom hank ' s and will smith ' s faces . 
one girl running
two white girls running
two girls running
two girls with blonde hair are hiking . 
two girls are sunbathing on the beach . 
teenagers are hiking in the cold . 
there ' s a performance group doing something together . 
the group is separate from one another . 
the performance group is dancing . 
children laugh
children pranking each other
two children are riding in an airplane
a toddler is sitting at the bottom of a plastic slide and smiling . 
a toddler is sitting at the bottom of a mud slide and frowning . 
a child is playing . 
the teams hate eachother . 
a soccer game is being played . 
the boy is on the floor ,  writhing in agony . 
he is at the beach . 
it is sunny . 
there are flying pigs too . 
the ref is watching the two men play soccer before he goes home
the ref is back flipping in the mud
the ref watches the two men in the scrimmage game
workers preparing for a catered event ,  with several condiments lining the food table . 
workers assembling cell phones in a factory . 
workers preparing for a chili cook-off . 
a man is sitting on the sidewalk ,  waiting for his girlfriend to show up . 
a man is laying down on a park bench as people walk by . 
a man is outside . 
there is treasure in the trench . 
there is a hole in the yard . 
there is nobody near the trench . 
a man is performing for children for fun
a woman is break dancing
a man is break dancing at a school
a woman has been shopping . 
a woman walks through a store talking on her phone . 
a woman is walking through her bedroom . 
a child is doing gymnastics . 
a child is doing gymnastics in front of a crowd . 
the child is eating lunch at the park . 
a little girl belts one out while playing the violin . 
a boy plays air guitar while lip syncing . 
a talented child sings into a mic and plays an instrument . 
a man and a woman are playing in the snow outside . 
an old woman and a young man are crossing the street . 
a man and a woman are jumping in the snow . 
the boy is wearing black . 
the boy is sitting on the ground . 
a woman selling tires . 
a woman selling vegetables for extra cash . 
a woman in her vegetable market . 
the other likes to smoke as well . 
one of the females is a smoker . 
neither one of them enjoy smoking . 
this is his first wave of the day . 
the surfer is surfing . 
the surfer is skateboarding . 
a surfer competing at a competition . 
a swimmer at a pool . 
a surfer catching a swell . 
the basement has a man in it . 
the man is sitting in his living room . 
the man is searching for something in the basement . 
a man is jumping over some rocks near the mountains . 
a man is jumping over rocks in order to escape being attacked by a wild boar . 
a man is jumping over some rocks in order to increase his physical stamina . 
an employee keeps a storefront looking tidy
a man dumping a truck full of dirt onto the street
a woman cleans up near a ladder
the girl is not standing still . 
the young girl runs to join her classmates at the end of the recess period . 
the girl sits at the kitchen table ,  decorating the christmas cookies while her mother looks on . 
a person is standing upright . 
a thick haired man sits on the ground . 
a man admires a display that he likes . 
a person walking inside a building . 
a person walking on the street outside . 
a person crossing a busy street intersection . 
a man breakdances while someone watches . 
a woman strips in a sleazy club . 
a man practices for the 80s party . 
the people are waiting at their table for the waitress to bring their food . 
there are people who are about to eat . 
these people are hungry . 
people are playing soccer in the rain . 
people are eating live turtles . 
people are playing sports outside . 
there is a group of men . 
the men are fishing . 
there is one man holding the net . 
the collie is standing in the sand . 
the collie is running through the park . 
the collie is at a beach . 
several people sitting in a boat . 
a group of people waiting for a larger boat . 
a group of people on a sunken boat . 
dog is jumping over a pole
dog is asleep on the floor . 
dog is participating in a competition ,  showing his agility training . 
a baseball player hit a homerun . 
a baseball player has a green and orange helmet . 
a baseball player is swinging a bat . 
a little child sits quietly on a hand built rock wall in autumn
a child sits on a wall writing a story of falling leaves
an child is throwing stones at a leaf wall
a guy is performing at a recital . 
a man is singing a song . 
a boy is helping his dad dig a ditch . 
everyone is bald
a person with hair
a tall person with hair
the man and woman are looking for help after being snowed in by a blizzard . 
a man and woman are outside in the snow . 
a man and women are sitting by the fire . 
a three piece band plays a song on a medium-size stage . 
the band is playing punk rock music . 
a band is playing music on a stage . 
nobody has a costume one
tall people in costumes
people in costumes
three men are socializing during happy hour . 
three men are watching a football game at one of their houses . 
men are drinking alcohol at a bar . 
two young men are dressed up
men are dressed up
two women are dressed up
the man is shopping at the mall
a person is near a river
they have a fishing pole
two mean are wearing clothes and walking
two men are watchin tv inside
two men are headed to baseball practice
there is one female
there four females
they are musicans
a group poses on vacation at the ocean . 
a group of people posing in front of a body of water . 
a man cleans up a spill . 
a dog is playing with his owner
a puppy is rolling on the ground
a big dog is sitting down while trying to catch a ball
people are in a religious setting . 
the females are robbing a bank . 
the man is a catholic priest . 
a wet dog is outside . 
a black lab waits for its owner to throw a ball into the water . 
a white dog is laying on the grass . 
the teen has a messy pink bedroom . 
the teen is laying down in a mess . 
the teen is dancing in her room . 
the man is teaching the boy to play . 
the man is wearing yellow . 
they are playing ping pong . 
woman with an orange bandanna is playing the flute . 
person with an orange bandanna is playing the flute . 
sad man with an orange bandanna is playing the flute . 
the instrument plays a performer for an audience . 
the performer is making music . 
the performer has a flute . 
people show their appreciation for another . 
a recently engaged couple embrace on the street . 
two married people avoid looking at one another . 
a girl rides a snowboard . 
a person is feeding some cows . 
a person rides a snowboard . 
a person is working . 
a person is working at a theatre . 
an actress takes the stage . 
a girl is bouncing around . 
a girl is bouncing alongside with another girl . 
a girl is bouncing around at a friend birthday party . 
a woman with wood in her hand is standing with a smile on her face . 
a woman stands holding her baby and crying . 
a woman stands while smiling with wood that was just handed to her . 
the young boy is hispanic . 
the young boy is crying . 
the young boy is smiling . 
three women are shopping at the mall . 
a group of coworkers are eating lunch together . 
a small group of people are eating and drinking together . 
a man is eating lunch . 
a man is wearing a green t shirt while holding a banana . 
a man is holding a banana . 
a built man wearing a tshirt . 
a football player in a black jersey . 
a red shirt as attire . 
friends are meeting for coffee . 
women are outside . 
friends are waiting together . 
a young african child playing soccer . 
a young african child carrying a bag on his had while working for his father in a local village . 
a young african child carrying a bag . 
many visitors have fun at the latin celebration . 
the city is completely devoid of people . 
many people populate the city . 
a young girl enjoys her day outside . 
a young boy plays with his yo-yo . 
a person is entertaining herself . 
two boys look on as a married couple get their pictures taken . 
bride running away from her wedding . 
bride and groom get marriage pictures taken while their kids look on . 
a man is sitting and strumming a guitar . 
a man is sitting by a campfire ,  playing guitar and singing . 
a man is standing on stage at a concert ,  playing saxophone . 
a man is swimming in the ocean . 
a long haired man is practicing to talk into a microphone as though he is on stage . 
a man with long hair is acting like he is on a stage and is talking into a microphone . 
she does a handstand in her business suit
the elaborately dressed woman stands around with her riches
she is dressed up for a commercial shoot
the other person laughed . 
both people fell off their bike . 
a person fell off their bike . 
there are three people talking . 
a man and two women are bungee jumping . 
a man is giving two women directions at work . 
a woman holding a child
a man holding a baby
a woman holding her grandchild
the child is too big to ride on the mans shoulders now . 
a child is going for a ride on that man . 
a child is riding on a mans shuolders . 
a male performer is showcasting his snake for tips . 
a male is surrounded with other human beings having a large snake around his chest . 
a blond boy is sleeping in bed at home . 
the man is at home sleeping
the man is white
a man on a pile
a little boy thowing a snowball from the top of a snow pile . 
a person outside . 
a child riding his bike by the beach . 
a small group of people wait to board a bus on a city street . 
large crowds of people wait for a bus . 
a group of people wait outside a bus stop . 
a man is holding a leash on someone else dog . 
a woman is holding a leash on her dog . 
a woman is holding a leash on a dog . 
she talks to her boyfriend about plans that night
she throws her phone into the sea
she has a conversation on her phone outdoors
someone is at the movies with their friends . 
someone is doing their homework . 
someone is sitting in front of a computer . 
the room has a camera in it . 
the room is black . 
the older men are sitting inside drinking tea . 
the older gentlemen are outside . 
the older men are colleagues . 
they are sitting on a couch
they are outside
they are posing
a man rolls a cigarette and lights it . 
a man sits and smokes outside . 
an old man is smoking a cigar . 
the man is a farmer
the man is flying a plane
a man with glasses
a group of people are partying in the large room . 
the people are populating the city . 
a group of people are in a room . 
a man broke his new bike . 
a man in blue walks his scooter down a street . 
a man in an orange hat walks his bike down a street . 
a red-haired woman is working on the computer . 
the woman is working on papers . 
there are women shuffling papers . 
a little boy looks disgusted that is ball is dirty
a little boy wants a dirty rugby ball
a soccer player tries to get an interception . 
a basketball player blocks a shot . 
a soccer player gets the interception . 
a man is being arrested for assault with a knife . 
a man prepares to show off his knife-wielding skills
a man prepares to throw a knife at his friend
there is a woman under fluorescent lights . 
a woman is lost and looks at directions mounted on the wall . 
a male has a device near his mouth . 
the man is swimming in the ocean . 
the man was about to record his music album . 
the photographer is holding the camera in his hands . 
the photographer is taking a picture . 
the photographer is a professional . 
a group of people take turns carrying an injured child . 
a child is chasing pigeons around . 
people watch a child play . 
there are two women helping a boy with a harness . 
two guys help a girl with her harness . 
the men tying the girl up . 
a skier skis . 
a professional skier skis down a mountain . 
a snowboarder takes a nap on the course . 
a person is getting out of an suv . 
the person is driving the suv . 
the person is about to go hiking . 
a man with no shirt holds a stick . 
a rabid sports fan cheers for his team . 
a fully dressed man holds a sign . 
the boy ' s shirt is orange . 
the boy is moving very fast . 
the boy is outside . 
the young boy is watching a hockey game . 
the young boy is watching a man perform . 
the man performing is famous . 
a woman is outdoors
a lady is walking down a forest
a woman is running with a stroller down a lot
a guy is fixing the roof and falls off . 
a guy is fixing the roof . 
a guy is jogging . 
two girls are taking pictures outside . 
two guys are standing by a tree . 
two girls are doing the same pose . 
two people are racing in a tournament . 
two people are racing cars . 
two people are racing . 
three men are a dancer
three men shooting the one girl
three men dancing as a stage
they aren ' t paying attention to anything . 
a man is lying face down on the street . 
their faces convey their feelings . 
a child is thrown by a man in the pool . 
a man was teaching his boy to swim . 
a child is tosses into a box by a woman . 
there is a girl sleeping inside her house . 
the little girl is going to ride her bike . 
a girl is wiating for someone to take her bicycle . 
two girls cosplay at a convention . 
a few girls cosplay at a local event . 
two girls attend a convention . 
men sit . 
he plays a vial of gin . 
water is nearby . 
a mother is making food for her family . 
a woman is preparing food for a child . 
a woman is doing the dishes . 
the boy wants to be a professional guitar player when he grows up
the boy plays the flute
the child practices guitar indoors
a man rides a bike . 
the man is sitting on the ground . 
two men are making pancakes in their swimtrunks . 
two men are wearing jeans for a jean advertisement . 
two men are wearing jeans . 
the two dogs hate each other . 
the two dogs are having a brawl . 
the two dogs are playing fetch with their owners . 
five girls taking turns reading aloud for a school assignment
a group of kids reading
5 girls wakeboarding
a person walking down a street with snow scattered about . 
there is a dog walking down a tree lined street with snow scattered about . 
there is a man walking down a tree lined street with snow scattered about . 
10 people are kissing
2 people are talking
2 people are at a table
the man is practicing how to surf . 
the man is laying in a mud puddle . 
the man is doing something by the water . 
young boys running their plays at home before saturdays big peewee game . 
timmy hikes the ball as joe calls the plays
bender strikes again ! 
a woman laying down sleeping
a woman about to sing a song on stage
a woman standing at a microphone
two girls are playing a game on the trampoline . 
there are girls on a trampoline . 
the girls are in a rocket ship . 
a girl is playing . 
a girl is blowing many tiny bubbles . 
a girl is expelling air . 
kid showing the heavy metal hand sign . 
a child signing i love you . 
a child pretending his hand is a bull . 
a lady is taking a picture
a lady is painting a picture
a lady is spying on somebody else
a man at a fair is selling cotton candy to little children . 
a man is holding fluffy sweets . 
a naked man is picking apples . 
a man is running
a referee is punching a goat
two professional athletes playing basketball . 
two men playing basketball . 
two women playing basketball . 
a boat is in the water . 
a canoe goes over a waterfall . 
a canoe has come untied from the dock and is drifting . 
a boy gets his tongue stuck to a metal post . 
a boy holds onto a post . 
a boy holds onto a post during a wind storm . 
there is a group of people ,  waiting at the bus stop . 
a family visits the zoo . 
a kid eating a pizza on a bench by his bike . 
a kid riding his bike home . 
a kid riding his bike down the street . 
the boy ' s bike is blue . 
a boy has a yellow bike . 
the boy is having fun . 
two horses are pacing each other on a race track . 
a bugatti and a lambourgini compete in a road race . 
two cars participate in a car race . 
a dog is barking at the tv . 
a gymnast has her leg straight up in the air . 
a younger gymnast ,  wearing dark blue and white ,  has her right leg straight in the air . 
an old man opens a door while carrying his bicycle out to the clean street . 
a boy tries to open the door to his apartment near where other apartment dwellers park their bicycles . 
a boy is touching a door . 
a person pushing a shopping cart . 
a biy pushing a shopping cart . 
a boy pushing a car up a hill . 
a man is sleeping at home . 
the man doesn ' t like his fishing boat . 
a man is with his boat . 
the engineer heard a noise . 
the engineer had purple gloves . 
the engineer was falling asleep . 
along a paved walkway outdoors ,  a person in a black windbreaker takes a picture of a fish statue while a small white dog looks on . 
a jury convicts the innocent man because they thought it ' d be funny . 
a person takes a photo . 
a man gets into an argument after his waiter makes a mistake on his order . 
a man and a woman are hugging in front of a restaurant . 
two men talk to each other . 
people are playing volleyball on the sand . 
some guys are taking a rest from working . 
there are people seated . 
the father is teaching his daughter how to ride a bike . 
a boy is learning how to ride his bike . 
the boy is improving quickly . 
the men are laughing about the us losing the cold war . 
two women with leg hair share a laugh while enjoying the nice weather . 
men are laughing together on a nice day . 
a women in a conference room
a women outside
a woman in a office
a person with hair
nobody has hair
a tall person with hair
two people are near water . 
two people are hiking . 
two people are in the ocean . 
the child went swimming . 
the child is at the beach . 
the child is dry . 
a girl is in black pants . 
a girl is jumping for a charity . 
no one is jumping . 
a girl is critiquing her friend ' s dance moves . 
both girls are doing a dance . 
a girl is dancing . 
a person in a hat
a tall person in a hat
nobody has a hat
the beach is out of water . 
a giant wave splashes the beach . 
there are people at the beach . 
the alcove is purple . 
the band plays jazz music . 
a band is assembled . 
the band plays a sousa march to celebrate the holidays . 
the city laments at their lack of musicians . 
there are people playing music . 
a man is putting a sign in the window . 
a man is putting a sign in the window to alert customers of an upcoming ice cream sale . 
two mutts are chasing each other . 
two pups are eating . 
two canines are having fun . 
she was calling her husband on her cellphone . 
the woman was talking on the phone . 
the woman had a blue cellphone . 
a woman smokes a bong . 
a man takes a smoke break from work . 
a man holding a cigarette . 
the colors has disappeared form the world . 
a cart is on a city street . 
the food vendor is selling hot dogs . 
the man is old
the shirt is blue
there is  no man
a groundskeeper at a park
a dog singing karaoke . 
a person outside . 
the boats are on the water . 
the boats are racing . 
the boats  are sailing on the ocean . 
some men are standing on a carpet . 
some men are saluting their superior out of respect . 
some men are waving hello and speaking to their superior . 
a baby is getting a bath by his father . 
a woman is scrambling eggs . 
a baby is getting a bath . 
a man is trying to catch a flight home for christmas . 
a man is sitting on a beach in mexico . 
a man is at an airport . 
three humans standing . 
three people sitting by a fire . 
three friends standing on top of a ski mountain . 
the children are doing sign language . 
the child is sitting
the children are all holding up paper drawings . 
the young woman is asleep in bed . 
the young woman is preparing the meat to cook on the barbecue . 
people are on a sidewalk . 
the people are sitting on benches in the sunshine . 
a couple are at the park . 
a man and woman are on a date . 
two people are ballroom dancing . 
the constructon worker is on the building
the construction worker is standing . 
the construction worker is dead . 
the child is having a good time and cracking up . 
the child is crying and hurt . 
the child is with his parents . 
the man is wearing an apron . 
the man is near the grill . 
the man is swimming at the bottom of the ocean . 
a man raises his forearms
the man is asleep on the bridge
the man is white
a young person appears bored in a restaurant . 
a young sad man appears bored in a restaurant . 
a young woman appears bored in a restaurant . 
this woman does not know the man she is pictured with . 
a man and a woman sharing a kiss on the cheek . 
the couple is displaying affection . 
children doing homework assignments while tutor monitors them . 
children writing in notebooks while one stands next to them . 
children building a sandcastle on the beach . 
a man on a motorcycle . 
a man is outside . 
a man hauling goods to sell . 
a woman wearing a pink swimsuit . 
a woman lounging on the beach . 
a woman wearing a swimsuit . 
a person is climbing a steep cliff . 
a person is mountain climbing using nothing but his hands and the rocks . 
a man is climbing a ladder on a cliff in hopes of not falling to his death . 
a brown dog is running down the road chasing the mailman
a brown dog plays in snow
a brown dog is outside and it ' s snowing
a dog is outdoors . 
a dog is asleep on the couch . 
a dog is running in the field towards another dog . 
the two women are walking down the shore drinking tea . 
two women are having a picnic on the beach . 
both women are drinking coffee outside . 
the young girl is walking among the tulips . 
the young asian has lost her home . 
the young asian girl is outside in the rubble . 
her favorite candy is chocolate . 
a girl has some candy . 
the girl is wearing her school uniform . 
a man is jogging in the park . 
a person has a number on his shirt . 
an ice hockey player waits to make his move . 
a person in a coat with a briefcase walks down a street next to the bus lane . 
a sad man in a coat with a briefcase walks down a street next to the bus lane . 
a woman in a coat with a briefcase walks down a street next to the bus lane . 
a group of men and women are sitting at a table eating and drinking for a birthday party . 
a group of people eating and drinking . 
a group of people playing monopoly . 
he is yelling at his son . 
the yelling man is wearing a white shirt . 
a man is yelling . 
children playing baseball at the park
man and woman sitting near a statue
a child poses for the camera with their mother . 
the woman and child take a picture together . 
a woman and child climb a tree . 
the blanket is white . 
the blanket is black . 
the baby had dark hair . 
the boy is 8
a young boy swings
the boy is sitting down
a young girl doesn ' t jump while performing her routine . 
a young girl is in the middle of jumping during her dance routine . 
a young girl is dancing . 
a man is getting ready to drink ice tea . 
a man is drinking moonshine . 
a man is pouring a glass of tea . 
a girl is on a fence . 
the girl falls from the fence . 
the girl climbs the fence to get to school . 
people put on a show . 
some old people perform onstage . 
two people stand lost in thought in front of a tree . 
two people wonder how a christmas tree got inside their house in the middle of july . 
two people talk loudly in front of a cactus . 
the couple are decorating for halloween . 
the couple has their christmas tree out . 
there are people in a restaurant . 
a group of people are eating tacos at a restaurant . 
a party waits to be seated at a restaurant . 
an athelete jumps . 
an old woman sleeps in the kitchen . 
a sprinter hurdles the barrier . 
a couple is standing and frowning . 
a couple is sitting down and smiling at each other . 
a couple is sitting down and smiling . 
nobody floats . 
a person floating
a funny person floating
a many sleeping with his rugby ball . 
a man lying on a field holding a wrecking ball . 
a man lying in the grass holding on to a ball . 
a dog eating a treat
a girl is sitting waiting to leave for vacation
a girl is sitting
man photographs skier performing a trick . 
skier beating up photographer . 
skier showing off for photographer by doing a trick . 
woman carrying a child
man walking a dog
woman carrying child to the store
three of the men are talking on their phones . 
the men are wearing several different coloured shits . 
most of the men are dressed in white shirts . 
the woman is carrying a basket down the street . 
the woman is playing soccer in the cobble stone streets of brazil . 
the woman is carrying a basket down the street in nepal . 
two dogs fighting over a toy in front of a crowd . 
two dogs fighting over a piece of fabric
a group of dogs fighting over a dead body . 
a young girl does aerobics . 
there is fruit present . 
a young girl eating a peach ,  while discussing the times of old with her friend . 
the guy is eating a sandwich while a lady wonders what ' s in the sandwich . 
a person is jumping out of a plane . 
a person is consuming food . 
several enemies talk and drink beer around a table discussing peace treaties . 
people talking and drinking while sitting at a table outside . 
several friends talk and drink beer while sitting around a picnic table . 
a businessman eats lunch in the cafe . 
a homeless man in torn jeans begs . 
a homeless man begs . 
the man is clearing his driveway . 
the man is working in the snow . 
the man is playing a guitar . 
a man is riding in a spaceship to the moon . 
a man is giving a speech on personal finance . 
a man is speaking . 
a man is underwater . 
a man is afloat . 
a man sits in a floating raft by some boats . 
the people are buying clothing at a stall in the street market . 
the people are inspecting the vegetables . 
the stand selling produce is in a street market . 
a dog is playing with his owner . 
some people are shopping . 
a dog is looking up . 
the dog is chained to a chair . 
the dog is loose running around the yard . 
the dog is sitting . 
a woman in red is out camping near water . 
a woman looks at a map outdoors ,  a river and boats are behind her . 
a girl is buying a cup of coffee . 
the man sings and dances in the park . 
the man protests in something he doesn ' t believe in . 
the man protests . 
a person in a uniform
nobody is wearing a uniform
a tall person in a uniform
the dogs are asleep on the sofa . 
the dogs are in a meadow . 
there are at least two dogs . 
there are boys in the gym . 
a group of boys are studying for a test . 
the boys in their track jackets in the gym stretch their legs . 
wearing their track jackets ,  the boys form a circle and stretch their legs in the gym . 
a group of boys are preparing to work out . 
a group of musicians playing
a group of musicians
a group of athletes
the woman is near her dog . 
the woman is wearing jeans . 
the woman is swimming in the ocean . 
two men in blue suits are selling bikes and mopeds . 
two men dressing in different types of clothing are comparing their bike and moped . 
a man in traditional dress wants his friend to trade his moped for his bike . 
men look at their bikes . 
men prepare to fix their damaged bikes . 
three women ride bikes through the park . 
two boys are moving at high speed . 
two boys are playing a game . 
a man is sitting in his sailor suit . 
a man is holding literature . 
a chef is cooking stew . 
man walks past women
boy watches movie at home
women comment on mans looks
a man is working for a circus . 
a man is sleeping on the floor . 
a man is using his hands . 
a woman wears glasses . 
the woman is american . 
a woman drinks from a mason jar . 
a man offers a woman a beer . 
a man talks to a woman . 
group of people standing on a snow covered ground after a blizzard ready to sweep off the buried cars while a dog is nearby . 
group of people at the beach enjoying a hot sunny day . 
group of people with a dog nearby are outside . 
i kid is lying down on the train . 
a child runs and screams violently in around the train . 
a child is riding the train from new york to boston . 
a person is taking a break from walking
a person is near water
the person is going for a run
a woman is finishing a race . 
the woman is in first place . 
the woman is not going to finish the race . 
two men fighting over ice cream . 
two men shining shoes in the plaza . 
two men shining shoes . 
a man is at a yard sale
a woman examines a bike
the man wants to buy a bike
the man is old . 
the young man is getting ice cream . 
the young man is standing . 
a man is running on foot
a man is riding his bike
a man is holding a bike up
some men are polishing the shoes of business men . 
some men are watching tv together . 
some men are polishing shoes . 
a girl is outside in the snow . 
a girl is on a snowy mountain . 
a girl is at the beach . 
the old lovers showing black and white photographs of them in their youth . 
octogenarians admiring the old photographs that decorated th wall . 
sandwiches nailed to the wall were commonly mistaken as pictures by the visiting tourists . 
a man is doing his hobby
a woman is climbing stairs
a man is outside
the animal is indoors . 
the dog is enjoying himself . 
the dog is chewing on his toy . 
the skater was elated . 
the skater jumped high over the steps . 
the dog jumped over the steps . 
2 male humans are sleeping . 
2 male humans are working construction . 
2 male humans are outside with a hat on . 
a man walks and hears a funny joke and starts to laugh . 
a man is falling down on the ground . 
a man is looks behind his shoulder to laugh . 
a woman stands by a business . 
a woman sings to herself . 
a woman happily stands by a bussiness showing a closed sign and looks very colorful . 
a woman is singing . 
a woman is having a bad time singing . 
a woman is singing karaoke . 
an animal is walking . 
a large dog is walking down the front steps . 
a dog is laying on the couch . 
a women is holding a mans bicep
the man and women are married and she is showing off his arms
the man accidentally knocked the women out
people throw things at the display
people stand in front of a display
people stand in front of the new display
the man is holding a drink . 
the man is scuba diving . 
the prisoner is talking to two guards in the prison cafeteria . 
a blue tram goes down the street while pedestrians sight-see . 
pedestrians wait for the tram to pass before crossing the street . 
a blue tram goes down an empty street with no one around . 
a woman and a baby watching
the woman is his mother
the woman is asleep at home
a woman reading a book while she sits on a bench waiting for the bus . 
a woman reading a book while sitting on a bench . 
a man reading a book while sitting on a bench . 
the clown has fallen off the horse . 
the cowboy rode the bull to the buzzer . 
the sad clown fell off the horse at the state fair rodeo . 
a business man is giving a heated interview for the local news . 
a woman is yelling at a camera . 
a man is yelling at a camera . 
a group of chinese people are hanging out on a porch . 
the chinese people on the porch are family members . 
a group of african american people are eating dinner at kfc . 
a child uses their imagination . 
a child on a beach . 
a child doing homework . 
there are two people and two motorbikes in this picture . 
one man pushes the other man down the hill on the sled as onlookers laugh . 
the two bikers ,  both friends and competitors ,  round the final curve of the final race of the season . 
a man falls down onto his bed
a woman falls into a bed
a man falls down onto a bed
the winner gets a free soda . 
two girls are in a race . 
the girls are racing on jetskis . 
a woman is on her way home . 
a young woman is standing on her hands . 
a woman is walking . 
a man is getting his face shaved for his party . 
two people are near each other . 
the two men are playing a game of football . 
they walk along carrying a bounty of food
the friends retire home after going to the farmer ' s market
they fight over the food they bought
two people sit on bleachers
two women in raincoat sit on the bleachers an hour before the football game . 
three men fall a sleep on green bleachers . 
a crew is working . 
a road crew in orange vests are working on a road with equipment around them . 
a group of men are sitting around a conference table . 
the couple are walking away from the wrong bus stop . 
there are people outside . 
there are people inside of a store . 
two women are wearing red
the two me are wearing black jackets
the two men are friends
an elderly woman is shown outside . 
an elderly woman is enjoying coffee at home . 
an elderly woman is walking to her doctors appointment . 
a human in motion . 
a woman on her way to church . 
a young women walking down the street . 
the donkey sign is smeared with paint . 
the person is a gay republican . 
the person holds a sign . 
a man has two dogs playing . 
the dogs are adopted . 
the dogs are asleep . 
the man is stealing a sculpture
there is a sculture
the man is robbing a bank
child getting a manicure . 
child getting pedicure . 
child getting pedicure with mother . 
everybody is bald
a person with hair
a tall person with hair
a basket weaver sitting at home . 
a basket weaving instructor at the fair . 
a basket weaver teaching a class at the fair . 
the coworkers are discussing a work related paper in their shop . 
the guys are having a party at the park . 
the men are discussing their blueprints . 
a man sits in a chair on a dating show . 
a man sits in a purple chair . 
a bald man sits in a red chair . 
young men are talking
young men are talking abuot love
young woman are walking
a young lady plays outside
a child swings
a puppy barks at a girl
a group of woman play volleyball in a court . 
a rugby team plays a match at the beach . 
a group of men playing sports in the sand . 
it is a sunny day . 
a girl is wearing a dress . 
it is late at night . 
a toddler is outside . 
a toddler is very cold . 
a toddler walking in sand . 
a fire performer performing before a crowd . 
a man in pants and a t-shirt doing fire tricks . 
a dancer about to breath fire out before the crowd . 
a man secures surfboards on his car . 
a man is heading out to the beach for a day of surfing . 
a man is sitting on the couch . 
a woman is using small scissors on a basketball net . 
a woman is using tape on a large net . 
a woman is using small cutting utensils on a large net . 
the men are sitting in silence . 
two men are talking . 
a professional bowling team wins the championship . 
a girl is bowling against her daddy . 
there is a celebration going on
people are celebrating their friend ' s birthday
people got shot by a sniper and dide
the men are cooking dinner . 
three guys are in a swimming pool . 
three people are standing inside a house near each other . 
smiling at the camera the two women wore red
with their backs turned to the camera were two women wearing blue dresses
posing for a picture the woman wore the same red smock
a long jumper tries to beat the person before him ,  but he hasn ' t performed well recently . 
there is someone attempting to jump . 
a long jumper is jumping a hurdle . 
a man and women laying down in bed
a man and women taking a break
a man and women shopping
many people are searching for an oasis in the desert . 
many people are lying in the sun at the park . 
many people are being led through the desert on the backs on camels . 
the girl is holding a dead animal
the girl is cute
the girl is holding a flower
the person on the phone is complaining about how windy it is outside . 
the person is suddenly picked up by a strong gust of wind and slammed into the side of a building . 
there is a person talking on the phone . 
the dogs are posing at the mountain . 
they are all smiling . 
the three people are posing at the mountain . 
a child is moving swiftly toward a body of water . 
a dog sits quietly by the dinner table ,  eyeing the plates of food . 
a child at a birthday party ,  plays with other children ,  laughing and screaming . 
the riverbank was played on by nudity of kids
the nude kids played on the riverbank  in the mud just to have a mud bath
the riverbank stayed clean everyday
there is a woman swimming . 
the synchronized swimmer is performing at the olympics . 
a woman is laying on the beach . 
a man is fishing . 
a man took a fishing trip . 
a man is sleeping . 
the man is making repairs . 
the man is a handyman . 
the shed is made of t-shirts . 
the person is swimming . 
a person is enjoying the scenery . 
the person is dead . 
a man is wearing a cowboy hat . 
there is crowd . 
the cap is a yankee cap . 
the class is holding hands . 
the storm strooper is attacking the children . 
the stormtrooper is being photographed . 
a man driving a car . 
a police officer and his motorbike . 
a motorcycle officer getting ready for patrol . 
two young girls in bathing suits are standing under a fountain of water at an amusement park with their family . 
two young girls are standing under a fountain of water . 
two young girls are riding roller coasters . 
some men drinking at the bar together
a man drinking with others
the man is crying and writing
fooling around in the bathroom getting ready for school
fooling around in the bedroom
fooling around in the bathroom
a woman rides a horse on the beach . 
a lady is lying in bed . 
an elderly woman is taking a nap . 
a human in snow . 
a women about to make hot water turn into snow by throwing the hot water in the air . 
a woman outside in the hot sand . 
there are three boys standing . 
the boys are sitting down . 
the sidewalk is in new york . 
the guy in funky clothes is on the bench
the guy is on the bench waiting for his wife
the guy is on the cow
the man is waiting for the bus to take him to the airport . 
the man is walking up the stairs . 
the man is outdoors with his briefcase . 
a person is sleeping on a park bench . 
a person is napping . 
a person is dancing at a rave . 
a study group sits at a table in the library . 
the party-goers are perusing the buffet . 
the girl is talking to someone while opening a drink . 
a girl is opening a diet coke while talking to her boyfriend . 
a man is eating dinner at a restaurant . 
a group of men are discussing business . 
a group of men are scuba diving . 
a group of men are talking to each other . 
a woman is outside
the woman is hanging out with her kids
the woman cooked a apple pie
the woman is yelling at the package . 
the woman is about to open the package . 
the woman is smiling at a package . 
a man and girl swim
a father and daughter swim together
a mother and son eating lunch
a woman hurdler trips over a hurdle . 
a long jumper ' s glasses fall off . 
a man ' s glasses fall off . 
a car door has not been shut
someone is blowing up the car with bombs
people are admiring the car
the man is forty
a man is walking
the man is sitted in the bar
a man is riding a riding a bicycle through the park . 
a snowboarder in a green hat rides along a metal railing in a competition . 
a snowboarder is riding along a metal railing while wearing a green hat . 
the ballerinas have words before the recitial . 
the players start a fight to continue a previous disagreement . 
the players vigarously compete in their game . 
the bridesmaids are assisting the bride . 
the three women are exercising in an aerobics class . 
the people are practicing at a wedding recital . 
a woman is unknowing being recorded by a man . 
a man is taking a woman on a date . 
a woman is being recorded by a man . 
a girl is playing the piano in her living room . 
a little boy is wet outside . 
a little boy is running through the sprinkler with his friends . 
the firefighters are eating lunch . 
the firefighers are ready to fight a fire . 
the firefighters are trying to save a child . 
a girl and a butterfly
a girl captures a butterfly for a science fair project
a girl drinks a milkshake
the chef is sleeping in his canoe . 
a chef is cooking up a 6-course menu for his close friends . 
a human being is in a kitchen with meat in front of him . 
there are people indoors . 
there are people watching tv
three students are studying for a test
the gymnast is a woman
a gymanst performing
the gymnast is taking a shower
a gymnast is completing her jump . 
a gymnastics performer is stretching . 
a gymnast is completing her jump in the finals . 
the person with a purple bandanna is taking a nap . 
the brown haired person is a stone mason working on a reconstruction project . 
the person wearing a blue shirt is chiseling on a brick pillar . 
a husband and wife making pizza . 
some dough being cut by a man and woman . 
a man and woman eating vegetables . 
a young boy wears sandals . 
a barefoot boy climbs a tree . 
a young boy climbs an oak tree . 
an animal is making contact with a toy . 
a puppy has leapt into the air to grab a frisbee . 
an elephant is being trained to catch frisbees . 
newlyweds walk down the sidewalk from the church . 
newlyweds sitting on a park bench . 
a couple walks outdoors together . 
a man in a sweater vest is looking at a limo . 
a construction worker is looking outside . 
a construction worker is looking at a car . 
a man next to a tree . 
a man pushes a redwood tree in the forest . 
a man standing on a boat . 
a man wears a white shirt . 
a man wears a white tommy hilfiger shirt . 
a shirtless man sips coffee at the dinner table . 
people are trying to warm up . 
people are sleeping . 
people are outside on a chilly day . 
a yellow dog is going to the vet . 
a yellow dog is running outdoors . 
a yellow dog is chasing a bunny in the field . 
a man is sitting on the floor . 
a man is standing with his sons . 
a man is standing with two kids . 
the man brings two little boys with him to buy something from a woman . 
the man with the little boys is buying a gift from the woman ' s store . 
the little boys are flying a kite with the man and the woman . 
a police officer is wearing a large helmet . 
a police officer is silent . 
a police officer is moving his mouth . 
old lady sitting on a chair . 
girl plays swing
teen girl plays swing with his friend . 
a group of women on the dance floor decorated with bamboo . 
a group of men are fencing . 
a group of women dance . 
a man wearing headphones working on a sculpture of his friend
a man wearing a hat works on his car
a man wearing headphones working on a sculpture
the man is an artist . 
the man is running from the cop . 
the man is sculpting a piece of art . 
the man is wearing white . 
a man is wearing black . 
the man is very tall . 
a man has damaged something . 
a man has destroyed his airplane
a kid in a helmet rides a bike with training wheels . 
a kid in a helmet rides a bike with training wheels down to the park . 
a kid in a helmet sleds down a hill . 
a boy happily watches a man jumping on a stage . 
a boy watches boats on a lake . 
a boy happily watches an acrobat jumping on a stage . 
the man ' s pants are red . 
the man and woman who are talking are both wearing black pants . 
the man and woman are engaged . 
the lady in a dress is yelling at the man in the road . 
a young gal in snug pants chats with a guy in the road . 
a teenager in tight jeans is speaking to a guy in the middle of the road . 
a man is about to ride in a canoe . 
a man is indoors watching someone canoe on television . 
a man is about to take a ride in a white canoe . 
women are eating
the women are watching tv at home
the restaurant is crowded
two women are sitting near to green plants
two women are swimming in beach
the woman has black hair . 
the woman is naturally a red head . 
the woman is holding an instrument . 
people are planting a vegetable garden
six people are at the movies . 
people are digging up the earth
a man has dragon tattoos on his arm . 
a man with no tattoos is getting a massage . 
a man in his van because he caught his victim
a man standing in front of a van waiting for his victim
a man standing in front of a van
two people are near a sonoma store . 
two people are race car driving . 
a woman has her daughter in a stroller . 
there is one bride . 
they are sisters . 
there is a group of brides . 
a boy kisses his girlfriend on the beach . 
a boy kisses his dog on the beach . 
two people are kissing . 
a baby eating cake celebrating it ' s birthday . 
a baby eating cake messily . 
a baby eating a steak . 
the man is performing for money . 
the man is standing on the platform waiting for a train . 
there is a man entertaining outdoors . 
a woman looking at the camera . 
a woman not paying attention to the camera
a woman is in a cooking competition
the owners of a very famous meat market are getting ready to open up shop . 
two workers are preforming their jobs . 
two butchers are attacking each other in the shop . 
vote sasquatch for president 2016 ! 
the man speaking is the president of the united states . 
a man in a white shirt is making a speech in front of a crowd . 
people are standing in line at a concert
people are at home sleeping
girls can stand
a girl in pigtails laughs as she throws bread crumbs to the pigeons . 
a young girl chases some birds . 
a young girl frowns as she drops her ice cream cone . 
the horses are scrawny . 
the people are taking a carriage ride . 
the oxen are pulling the carriage . 
the two teams are both wearing white sneakers . 
red ,  and green teams are trying to get a soccer ball into a goal . 
two teams are playing a sport . 
people are descending in a tunnel . 
workers are returning from inspection . 
people are climbing a mountain . 
a coach is showing the gymnast how to use the rings . 
a gymnast is performing a routine on the bars . 
a young gymnast is performing . 
a naked man walking . 
a man walking home . 
a man wearing a coat . 
the children are playing . 
the children are in a play . 
the children are playing with machine guns . 
a squirrel runs in the grass . 
a squirrel sits in the grass . 
a squirrel sits in the grass on a rainy day . 
three men bother a bull as people watch . 
a man rides horseback in the field . 
a fair is filled with crowds of adults and children . 
a girl fakes a smile to brush her teeth . 
a girl in gray smiles as she brushes her teeth . 
a boy is going on a jog in a park . 
a tall person standing
nobody is standing
a person standing
a boy with a toy
a kid digging a large hole
a kid in the middle of playing cops and robbers poses with his toy gun
there are at least 2 people . 
the group of people are flying in the air on their unicorns . 
the photographer is taking a picture of an old man . 
the photographer is taking a photo of a dog . 
the man is getting his picture taken . 
a man is in a building cleaning . 
the man is referring a floor cleaner battle . 
a man in a shirt and helmet is cleaning up as spill . 
the dog is jumping . 
the dog is at the beach
the dog likes to play catch . 
two female artists are demonstrating punches for the audience . 
two female martial artists are teaching the audience how to kick for self-defense class . 
two martial artists demonstrate moves for the audience . 
paper is being held up to a camera . 
two men are sitting watching a movie . 
he takes a photo of the piece of paper . 
the man is riding a motorcycle across the street . 
the man in the leather jacket is walking to his motorcycle . 
a man is walking across an intersection . 
the man on a bike was rude to the photographer . 
the photographer has angered that bike rider somehow . 
the bike rider and the photographer greeted each other warmly . 
there is a buss in this picture
the buss is stopping for some picture breaks for the tourists
the buss is in a pool
the man is walking into a room . 
a woman is standing in the doorway of a building . 
a man is in a building . 
a dog is in the kitchen with an woman . 
the dog is begging for a treat . 
the dog is decorating the gingerbread house . 
woman views paintings with two girls at her feet . 
woman kicks children sitting by her feet  . 
woman takes a break at a museum while her children sit by her feet . 
there are men working on a building . 
men are repairing the gutters on a house . 
one man is painting a billboard . 
a man is asleep and dreaming while sitting on a bench . 
three black men yelling at each other . 
a group of men talking . 
the woman is eating dinner . 
there is a female waiting for a friend . 
the woman is standing around waiting . 
the man caries the girl
the girls are sister
the girl is little
a woman and her husband are at a baseball game . 
a couple are riding a rollercoaster . 
two people ,  one with a hat ,  can see baseball from where they are . 
a man takes photos of a dog . 
people are seated at tables . 
people are seated at tables at a wedding reception . 
scientists are working on a cure
a group of scientists are examining a bald man while shaking their heads
a group of scientists walks into a bar ,  and order a drink ,  then sit down and drink it . 
there are biologists checking for tissue abnormalities . 
there are men using scientific instruments . 
the men are watching tv in a room . 
a mountaineer is standing on a mountain . 
a person starts to climb down the mountain before it gets too dark . 
a man is drinking hot cocoa inside a lodge . 
the woman in blue looks at her dirty hands and feels that they could use a good washing ,  as well as the filthy old truck . 
the woman in blue pants and shirt looks up at the truck with disgust ,  as she has never seen anything so dirty . 
the truck that the woman in blue is standing next to could really use a good cleaning ,  as it ' s surrounded in mud . 
women dislikes rain ,  but walks through it anyway
women walks through the rain
woman walks down street on sunny day
the man is bald . 
the bald man got out of a red truck . 
the man drives a blue car . 
woman adjusting her eyeglasses after reading . 
woman fixes her hair . 
woman adjusts her glasses . 
a happy man is picking up a pear . 
a man is pushing a hand truck . 
a man is pushing a pear and picking up boxes . 
a boy is with a ball . 
a girl is wearing a sweater . 
a boy is with a soccer ball . 
a man stands alone on a beach . 
a couple on vacation . 
a couple holds hands on the shore . 
the men are on the beach . 
the men just met today . 
the men are at the mal . 
a young smiling girl is holding a stuffed animal in one hand
a young smiling girl is holding a stuffed bell pepper in one hand
a young smiling girl is holding a cute stuffed animal in one hand
the man is at a farm . 
the man is at home with his kids . 
the man is outdoors and with animals . 
the people are betting money on this match
there are people wrestling
the people are relaxing in their livingrooms
there are multiple people present . 
the workers are brothers . 
the workers are wearing black . 
the man is using a grinder wearing red protective gear . 
there is a man working . 
the man does not have any gear on . 
a man throwing a stretcher . 
a man on a stretcher . 
a man on a stretcher after falling from the third floor . 
there are children outside . 
three children are playing on a blue swing set . 
three children are swimming in a pool . 
three kids on a swing set
three kids in chairs taking tests
three kids play at recess
a man is going to kick another man
a kitten drinks milk
a man is going to kick another man for stealing his watch
a child in a red shirt is looking at a massive cactus garden in the desert . 
a child is looking at a red wall . 
a human is looking at plants . 
two people sit together
two people running a race
two people tell jokes
a man and woman show off their baby . 
a man shows off his baseball cards . 
the kid loves his new sibling . 
a crowd of people gathers in a street n winter time . 
sasquatch is riding a bike on the street . 
it is cold and snowy outside . 
the three young children are playing inside . 
the three young children are throwing the toilet paper around . 
the three young children are outside . 
there are three ladies playing in the fountain . 
the men and woman are splashing each other in the fountain . 
there are people in the fountain . 
nobody has a shirt
a person in a shirt
a tall child in a shirt
a man is walking empty handed . 
a man is carrying a bag . 
a man is carrying a bag full of bread . 
men are dancing in the rain . 
it ' s raining heavily on a group of men . 
men are getting wet with the rain . 
three men find something funny . 
three men are laughing at a joke
three men are sleeping
a woman covers part of her face . 
a woman is covering her eyes from the bright concert lights . 
a woman is attempting to recognize a friend she thinks is approaching . 
some people are taking a tour of the factory . 
a group of people wait to cross a parisian street . 
there are people outside . 
three kids are taking a batch
some kids play in some foam
adults at a foam party
the person water-skiing is about to hit a big wave . 
a person is driving an airplane over the mountains . 
the crowd is admiring the person water-skiing . 
a couple are racing each other on their bikes . 
a couple sit next to their bikes . 
two people park their bikes . 
a man and woman look at their hands in front of a building
a husband and wife look at their hands
two men look at each others hands
the two friends are reunited after years apart
the very differently dressed men sit next to each other
they run away from each other quickly
it is daytime . 
the dog is white . 
a dog is on the beach . 
a diver flips in mid-air . 
there is a street . 
they wait to cross main street . 
a man is on a golf course . 
a man wearing pants is walking toward a golf ball . 
a man is preparing to strike a golf ball . 
people are biking outdoors . 
people are surfing . 
people are in a bike race . 
the person is outside . 
the person is inside . 
they are walking their dog . 
a man is trying to finish his sculpture for a church
a man is wearing a black shirt
a man is wearing a white shirt
babies are asleep
twins are asleep
babies making poopies while playing in the sand on a florida beach
three men in red uniforms playing soccer . 
three men playing soccer . 
an intense game of soccer at the world cup . 
a woman hunts for treasure . 
a man digs to see what he can find . 
a man is digging for gold . 
the children at this school defintely all love clowns . 
the clown is at a children ' s school . 
the clown is there to entertain . 
a woman is being fitted . 
a woman is being fitted for the first time . 
a woman got married . 
a guy stands next to a trashcan . 
a young black man stands beside an overfilled garbage can . 
an owl sits in a tree late at night . 
the young woman is wearing a helmet . 
the young woman is riding a unicycle . 
a young woman skateboards on an outdoor basketball court . 
the dogs belong to the man
a man walking dogs
the wolves are killing the man
the girl with the dark hair is running in the sand . 
the dark haired girl is running away from a wave . 
the dark haired girl is asking for directions on the street . 
two men sit in the snow and smoke . 
a couple people are doing activities on a nice day in a boat . 
two men fish in a boat on a river on a sunny day . 
people are wearing sandals
they are going for a walk
the man in workboots walked alone
the basketball player is taking a foul shot . 
the basketball player is sitting on the bench . 
there is a basketball game . 
a lady in black leather trench coat ,  with matching black leather boots walks away from the camera in her front with her bag strapped to her shoulders
several young models in leather coats and boots are giving the cameramen a very good parade . 
some stars are walking past the paparazzis and getting into an awards building
a man fishing at a harbor . 
seagulls flying over the ocean . 
birds flying above a body of water . 
this person is in the ocean . 
this person is looking at other people . 
this person is exploring mars . 
a man is riding a bicycle down the large hill . 
the family is sitting at thanksgiving dinner ,  preparing to dine together . 
food and wine are on the table that has many people surrounding it . 
a red shirted batter hits the pitch . 
a baseball game is going on in a park . 
a naked man hit a baseball . 
two men are in a shopping mall . 
two clowns are performing at a mall . 
two men are driving in the rain . 
two men in conversation while sitting on the beach . 
some people in conversation while sitting at a bar . 
two men in conversation . 
two men fix a bicycle . 
two men work on a motorcycle . 
two men fix their bicycle . 
a man is trying to be closer to mature nature
a man is resting in a hammock
a man is resting in a stream
a person in a uniform
a tall person in a uniform
nobody has a uniform
a boy is playing with toys . 
a boy is playing his xbox . 
a boy is playing with his scale model train . 
two men in snow pants and sweaters are walking . 
two men are walking . 
two men are walking down the sidewalk . 
an older man sleeps in a hospital bed . 
a man is sleeping outside . 
a man is looking at the ground . 
the man was laying by the pool . 
a man was swimming in the pool . 
the man competed in the swimming competition . 
the hotel stands empty and abandoned with no one in site . 
people get out of cars for the party at hotel carmel . 
automobiles and humans are outside the hotel . 
a boy pitches the ball . 
a girl plays basketball . 
a boy plays pitcher for the first time . 
the men are paddling a canoe down a river
the two men are carrying a canoe
the men are stealing a canoe
the women are enemies . 
the women are not talking to each other . 
the women are speaking to each other . 
a woman is doing arithmetic at home . 
a woman is outside . 
a woman skis down a hill with a few friends . 
two girls are sleeping
two girls are playing and having a fight on the snow
two girls are playing
two men are cheering on the new york yankees . 
three gals are doing their makeup . 
two people are making noises . 
two people are laughing . 
a man and his daughter are making funny faces . 
a man is talking on the phone while his teenage son is asleep . 
the man eats pants
the water flies off of the dog
the dog will return to the lake soon
the group of protesters are ordering ice cream in a store . 
some people are holding up signs of protest in the street . 
the group of protesters are promoting legalizing gay marriage . 
a person embraces the cold
a person is trying not to get wet
a person enjoying the waters
he is outside . 
the boy is sitting on the couch . 
he is wearing sunscreen . 
the man sketched on paper . 
the man sketched on paper for his girlfriend . 
the woman drew on canvas . 
a red kyak is being ridden . 
a guy is working out in the gym . 
a kayak is being ridden . 
a group of women is drinking wine . 
two men at a party are inspecting the appetizers . 
there are two men with food . 
a big person in a shirt
a person in a shirt
nobody has a shirt on
two ladies nap on a bench
two ladies take a rest after a race
two ladies jumping for joy
a person outside
a person standing
a person laying down
a man is doing something outside . 
a male reads a book while seated on a bench . 
a man is going for a run . 
a woman is making a business phone call . 
a woman is making a phone call in an office environment . 
a woman is sleeping in an elevator . 
the bird is in a tiny cage
he is searching for fish
the bird is touching the water
a woman is pointing her camera upwards ,  while standing at a wall . 
a woman is attempting to photograph a bird in the sky . 
a woman is holding a hot dog ,  sitting on a brick wall . 
two men are on a boat going to catch fish . 
two men are on a boat . 
two men are driving a car in a forest . 
a young woman and old man are playing poker . 
an old woman and young man are playing bingo . 
a woman and man are checking their bingo cards to see if they won
a woman is standing with her back to a dog . 
a woman is attempting an eating competition at a festival . 
there are people surrounding each other . 
a moving truck ready to move more belongings . 
a moving truck being disassembled . 
a truck with a ramp attached . 
a boy is playing a game . 
a boy is on his bike . 
two older men walk down a defaced street
they hope to clean up the street together
they propel themselves down the street with rockets
the traffic made a guy fall asleep . 
a person has lost it by laying down in a busy street while there is bad traffic . 
the traffic was not to bad today the guy made it home early and took a nap . 
some girls are watching cartoons . 
some men are posing with their gold medals . 
some people are having their photo taken . 
two men in a tool plant . 
two women having lunch . 
men working in a factory . 
cowboy feeding his horse
cowboy competing in a rodeo
cowboy riding his horse
a man is skiing on a warm day . 
a man is bundled up against the cold as he skis . 
there is a man on skis . 
a kicker kicks off the game while the players mingle to surprise the other team . 
a ball is kicked while players mingle . 
a kid draws a picture of a girl
a kid paints a picture
a kid draws a picture of his crush
the people are eating dinner . 
the people have eybrows . 
the people are climbing a mountain . 
a person riding a bike home after work . 
a person riding a bike outside . 
a person riding a skateboard down a steep hill . 
a lady is taking a bath
a lady just finished shopping
a lady has her arms full
the little boy is the ring bearer . 
there is a bride and groom behind the little boy . 
the little boy is laying on his head . 
a blue jacketed boy is skating down the street . 
a blue jacketed boy is speeding down the street . 
a blue jacketed boy is standing in football field . 
a man is fishing . 
a man is playing golf with his friends . 
a man is fishing on a boat . 
the soccer players compete in the championship
they give up and walk off the field
the two soccer players run around chasing each other
a man in green threw his soccer ball at the dog . 
a man wearing green kicks a soccer ball while a man wearing a purple and white outfit falls down . 
a man in a suit with real gold buttons and a name tag gestures with his hands
a man in a suit with gold bricks and a name tag gestures with his hands
a man in a suit with gold buttons and a name tag gestures with his hands
a man and a woman are seated
a man and a woman are standing
a man and a woman are talking
she is indoors . 
the girl is gardening . 
the girl is destroying plant life . 
the season is fall . 
the girl is outside . 
the girl is on a beach . 
people are looking at water . 
a mountain is full of snow . 
people are trying to see fish . 
a group of cute asian children are playing tambourines
a group of cute asian children are beating on tambourines
a group of cute asian children are playing trumpets
two parents and two children are sitting in a field of grass . 
no one is sitting in the field of grass . 
the family is outside . 
two young friends play with ducks
young kids play with animals
two young boys are playing at home
a squirrel is situated in an upright position near the road . 
a squirrel is sleeping in the tree . 
the man is attempting suicide . 
a man in blue trunks is sitting on the cliff . 
a little girl is outside . 
a little girl is wearing a pink dress . 
a little girl is wearing a dress . 
there is a group near a store . 
a group of people are considering whether to shop at the store . 
this is an official boxing match
two people fighting each other
two people ticking each other
two men are by the river
a father and son are fishing together
a man is in the desert
men talking ,  while catching fish . 
guys at a campsite ,  building a fire . 
a man is having a conversation with his friend while fishing . 
the man and woman are mad at each other . 
the man and woman are having a good time . 
the man and woman are husband and wife . 
there are people outdoors . 
a news crew investigates a double homicide ,  while the police place tape outside . 
a news crew ' s van has broken down ,  so they decide to stay home . 
a boy in blue shorts and a t-shirt is about to hit a tennis ball with his racket . 
a boy wearing green shorts and a green t-shirt runs on a track . 
a boy wearing blue shorts and a t-shirt is playing tennis with his friend . 
the women are wearing post-it notes and leaves and running through the woods . 
the women posing are models . 
the women are dressed nicely . 
five sisters wearing red and black attire are getting ready to take a family portrait . 
a group of women are dressed alike . 
five women wearing red formal ball gowns are standing together . 
the cheerleaders are getting their picture taken . 
they are at a photo shoot . 
the cheerleaders are not posing . 
a group of women are cleaning a house . 
there is a group of women a the deli . 
a grandmother ,  a mother and child are waiting in line at the deli . 
a women is sitting alone on a couch with no other human around . 
a women is buying a little girl a present . 
a women and little girl are looking at something . 
a man skis in the wilderness while it ' s snowing
the man is seated
a man skis in the wilderness
a photographer is taking photos of a hockey game
a photographer is taking many photos of a hockey game
a photographer is taking x-rays of a hockey game
two dogs are eating
the dogs are running away
there are dogs with muzzles
a man is building a house . 
a worker is working on a building . 
a man is working on a computer . 
a crowd sees flames . 
a crowd gathers to watch a street performer . 
a crowd feels the warmth of a bonfire . 
people are at a table eating christmas dinner . 
a person eats a tv dinner while sitting on the couch . 
people are at a table eating food . 
a boy is playing guitar . 
a boy is singing . 
a boy is playing piano . 
the sports fans are wearing a certain color . 
the sports fans are wearing orange shirts . 
the sports fans are wearing yellow . 
child blows up a balloon . 
child watches woman playing with equipment . 
mother demonstrates how to use equipment to her son . 
two well dressed boys sit on a red carpet floor inside of a home . 
two groomsmen sit on a carpet dressed in tuxedos . 
two small boys draw picturees of trees outside in the grass . 
a man in an empty park
a man is a comedian
a man talking to a crowd
the teenager is seated . 
the teenager is sliding down the railing . 
the teenager is sitting down to think for a bit . 
there is a girl on the sand . 
the girl is jogging on the beach . 
there is someone sleeping on the couch . 
the man fell asleep wearing his shoes . 
the man is sitting there watching tv
a man is being carried by birds . 
the picture is of a man riding on a dinosaur ' s back . 
a lady with her eyes closed playing an old fluglehorn into a microphone . 
a man plays an instruement with his eyes closed
the man is playing an old favorite tune on the flugelhorn . 
a happy woman is holding rope . 
a woman is trying to lasso a cow that escaped . 
a female acrobat is walking across a tightrope at the circus . 
a man adjusts his tie looking at a laptop
a woman adjusts her bra
a man adjusts his new tie in front of a laptop
the man has no facial hair . 
the man ' s beard is quite long . 
the man has a beard . 
three boys hold baseball gloves . 
three boys are holding gloves . 
three boys are preparing for their big game that is about to start . 
the three boys swing baseball bats
three boys play volleyball as others watch them . 
the workers are making coffee inside . 
the workers are climbing to build the steeple . 
two workers are climbing a building . 
construction workers are brave . 
construction workers are having fun smashing windows . 
construction workers are making repairs . 
two people climb up a structure
two people race up a structure
two people take a ship to the moon
the women in dainty dresses look out over the farm . 
two men are tending to the garden . 
the men with the tan hats are looking over their winter crops . 
a group of kids poked at the two small turtles . 
a group of kids were playing in the grass . 
a group of adults went to the casino . 
the children are playing with turtles . 
the sea turtles are inside the aquarium . 
the turtles are walking across the grass . 
a woman in a store is shopping . 
a woman is in the store . 
the woman is very good at hula hooping . 
a woman is painted with yellow body paint . 
a woman is painted green while holding a hula hoop . 
women perform . 
people are nearby . 
irises bloom paisley . 
a boxer is kayaking . 
tennis player is playing tennis . 
the tennis player is winning the game . 
a policewoman is sitting on the motorcycle behind the parked car . 
a person is on a bike . 
the fireman is sitting in his truck . 
three dogs run through the dead ,  brown grass . 
three dogs sleep in the shade of an old tree . 
three dogs run . 
two girls kneel together on the ground . 
two girls kneel on the ground looking for a ring one had dropped . 
two girls stand around the vending machines . 
a young boy and girl embrace in front of monkeys at the zoo . 
a drunk looking couple embracing . 
a drunk looking woman in a yankees shirt is hugging a drunk looking man in a red sox shirt . 
the people are from the same family . 
several people are standing outside near water . 
the amish group are running through a field . 
a man tries to tackle a player in a nfl game . 
a man tries to tackle a player in a game of football . 
a man throws the first pitch in a baseball game . 
the boy and girl stand on the lakeshore . 
two people stand on a median with advertising signs . 
a sad man is hanging sausages in a market . 
a woman is hanging sausages in a market . 
a person is hanging sausages in a market . 
the people are business associates . 
the people are dressed in business clothing . 
the people are dressed in street clothes . 
the man is standing inside a restaurant . 
the man is playing music outdoors . 
the man is playing a saxophone . 
a tattooed man clicking on a mouse on a desk . 
a large tattooed woman clicking on a mouse on a desk . 
a woman clicking on a mouse on a desk . 
the person is doing a job for someone . 
the person is wading through water . 
the person is walking outside . 
lady is searching for food in garbage
lady digs through garbage
lady is making burger for her kids
a man and woman are scuba diving . 
a man and woman are on a boat . 
a man and woman are in a metropolitan area . 
the black woman is toasting marshmallows on a barbecue grill . 
a woman is placing pamphlets on a display table . 
a black woman is handling printed material . 
a member of the army walks his dog . 
a member of the army walks a german shepard . 
a member of the army practices his sniping skills . 
no one was able to drive to the camp site . 
cars and tents are at the foot of the mountain . 
for boys are flexing
4 women are dancing
they are friends
a firefighter rescues a cat from a house fire . 
a firefighter is about to put out a fire . 
a male firefighter checks his hose before using it . 
a man rides a bike for the first time
a bike rides a man for its first time
a man rides a bike
a boy and his father speak to santa claus
a girl and his father speak to santa claus
a boy and his father discuss christmas with santa claus
a man talks to his boss while getting gas for his car . 
a man is getting gas for his car while he talks on his cellphone . 
a man orders a beer and relaxes . 
outdoor daytime scene with two workers in safety gear working on scaffolding . 
a school class visits the museum of modern art . 
the men are very careful on the scaffold . 
a little boy is eating cake
a boy is eating cake
a girl is eating cake
a child has chocolate all over his hand
a child is eating vegetables
a child eats food with his hands
he is working in a potentially dangerous field that requires a hard hat . 
he exclaims that he ' s done with this work ,  sprouts wings ,  and flies away . 
the man is the foreman of the construction site . 
a man and a young boy are playing a game on a quilt on the floor . 
books are strewn on a table as women look through them . 
women are looking at books on sale at a library . 
turtles are crawling in the light green grass . 
turtles are crawling in the green grass . 
turtles are crawling in the white grass . 
a child blocks a goal . 
a child blocks a goal with his hockey stick . 
a child blocks a goal with his head . 
four people sitting by the water . 
four people sitting near the ocean . 
four people sitting on a yacht . 
a women is skiing of the mountain . 
a long haired guy is working with sand . 
a guy is in a sand castle building competition . 
a volleyball team is performing in a national competition . 
a volleyball team is at a beach celebrating . 
a sports team is in a gym . 
a woman is adjusting the time on her watch . 
a woman is fidgeting . 
a woman is fidgeting with her wallet . 
the woman is running through the woods . 
the lady is walking to meet up with her date . 
the woman in a red dress is outdoors . 
two happy girls get their pictures taken . 
the weeping girls have their picture painted . 
two girls grin into the camera . 
the street is dry . 
there is more than one woman in the group . 
the women each have umbrellas . 
a woman is walking to work . 
a woman rides a bike . 
a lady is walking down a street . 
a couple of children are wearing pajamas . 
two kids are wearing pjs on pajama day at school . 
two children are wearing bright bathing suits at the ocean . 
a woman is running on the track . 
a woman is talking to her boyfriend on the phone . 
a woman is talking on her phone and walking down a sidewalk . 
a female is outdoors at a bazaar . 
an indian woman visits the outdoor bazaar to buy rice . 
an american shops at the supermarket . 
a girl is enjoying food at a mexican festival with friends
cats enjoy taco
a girl is enjoying food at a mexican festival
the man is respected . 
the man is being given respect . 
the man is not talking . 
the building is brick . 
the building is old . 
there is a building . 
a street performer and young boy are entertaining passersby . 
a street performer is working with an apprentice . 
a boy is performing on stage . 
some motorcycles wearing black outside . 
few motorcycles in black . 
some motorcycles wearing white . 
a person sweeps . 
a woman mops . 
the garbage man sweeps up where the can spilled . 
hipsters hang out outside of a cafe on a sunny day . 
gandalf and the red toy crab do battle in the streets . 
the older bearded man is indeed gandalf the grey . 
men are throwing books and talking outside in a courtyard . 
men are reading and milling about . 
a group of males are outside reading and singing . 
an asian couple are together . 
a black couple are eating lunch . 
a couple just got married . 
two friends are laughing at people on the street . 
two friends are laughing . 
two friends are having a picnic . 
a man and woman are laughing at a joke . 
two people are happy . 
two people are crying . 
a man is playing video games on his phone . 
a man is reading a book he just bought . 
a man is reading on a bench outside of a store . 
people don ' t know how to skate . 
people are rollerblading for something to do . 
people are skating in a park for fun . 
people are in the mall shopping . 
people are buying fireworks at a dealer . 
people are buying things . 
everybody has a shirt
a tall person without a shirt
a man without a shirt
two babies play in the grass
a individual on a table holds a water near a stroller
a mom takes a break in a park
the lady is listening to music through headphones . 
the lady is reading a book . 
there is a lady with an orange scarf ,  brown boots ,  and brown jacket on the train listening to music . 
a yellow car is driving in the snow in the winter . 
a red car is driving on a sunny day . 
a taxi cab is driving down a path of snow . 
that man is on a surfboard . 
the man is riding a flying surfboard . 
the man is surfing outdoors . 
a crowd of people stand in the street . 
a crowd of people are standing at a platform waiting for a train . 
a crowd of people pick through produce at farmer ' s market . 
a group of people inspecting trees for woodpeckers . 
four people outdoor . 
one guy eating lunch in front of a building . 
the young couple are looking at goods being sold by the street vendors . 
no one has attended the outdoor street event . 
the outdoor street event has attracted many people . 
kid celebrates at a birthday party
rent your own bouncy house today
here we see a wild boy in his natural enviroment . 
the cars are driving through an empty field . 
vehicles are going down a street in thailand . 
vehicles are moving . 
the old lady was walking . 
the young lady was walking down the stairs . 
the old lady was walking up the stairs . 
the man is outside . 
the man is waiting for his friend to come meet up with him . 
teens are washing a car . 
group of teens are doing laundry . 
group of teens are at a laundromat ,  folding clothes . 
a child plays in the snow while dressed in warm winter clothes . 
a child plays video games inside . 
a child plays with a sled in the snow while dressed warmly . 
an older man is dancing at a club . 
an older man in clothing accessories is cradaling an infant who is wrapped in a towel . 
an older man in clothing accessories is quietly cradaling an infant who is wrapped in a towel . 
the man is in costume
the man is at a faire
the man is in jeans
a girl is climbing up a ladder . 
a girl is climbing up to see scenery . 
a group of people and a dog are waiting for the plumber . 
a group of people are sitting with a dog . 
a group of dogs are waiting for their master . 
the horse is dead . 
the horse has four legs
a skateboarder is jumping . 
two guys are rollerblading . 
a skateboarder is jumping while the other is sitting . 
a man is testing out his new miniature boats . 
a woman is putting on mascara . 
a man has hair on his face . 
a farmer sleeps in a hammock . 
a farmer works on their farm . 
a farmer feeds their cows . 
a guy is doing snowboard tricks
a guy is in a hot ,  sunny place
a guy is outside in the snow
a man plays the trombone on the sidewalk . 
a marching crowd goes down the street . 
a big group marches around . 
a young man at the loom . 
an old man looming some threads . 
an old man inspecting the process of looming . 
a group of women shopping for a new laptop . 
a group of men looking at fishing poles . 
a group of women looking at laptops together . 
women are shopping for computers at a large store . 
women are shopping for dell computers . 
women are shopping at safeway for lamb chops . 
a dad and his daughter with an blueberry pie . 
a dad and his child are eating apple pie . 
a dad is with his child . 
a woman is in the sunshine . 
a woman is brushing her hair with a fork . 
a woman is reading outside . 
a boy is holding a watermelon . 
a boy is getting ready to carve his pumpkin . 
a child is holding something orange . 
the man is watching boats pass by while sitting on the hill . 
a man is wearing a dress while dancing in the park . 
the man wearing a hat is seated ,  slightly elevated ,  facing the water . 
a dog stands in the water . 
two dogs play together at the lake . 
the pets sit inside . 
a group of people got ran over by a bus . 
a group of people are watching a shuttle launch . 
a group of people are watching something and one takes a picture . 
a pair of strippers do a dance
a woman wears lingerie . 
two women don ' t wear much clothing . 
there are two children in this picture . 
the girls are showing their mother the presents the easter bunny left them in their easter basket . 
the girls are eating chocolate and watching the parade as it goes down the street . 
children playing outside . 
children swimming in a pool . 
children playing outside climbing trees . 
a dog is playing fetch with his owner . 
a dog is eating from a bright silver bowl . 
a dog mouth holds a retrieved ball . 
two man walking on the road in rain
a orange uniform basketball player with ball is guarded by ,  a blue uniform opponent team player
two players struggling to get the ball
the outfits are orange . 
a couple is wearing bright outfits . 
the couple is naked . 
a young woman reads near the ocean . 
a young woman is reading a nicholas sparks book on the beach . 
a young woman is running through the waves . 
two dogs sleep on the floor . 
two dogs play . 
two dogs play with a chew toy . 
the man is vangogh . 
the man is a tattoo artist . 
the man works with a tattoo business . 
the new chinese history exhibit is open at the museum
people are looking at art
people are running a marathon
an obama supporter is upset that the president lost his second term . 
a man is at a political rally . 
someone is cheering for a presidential candidate . 
he is a professional musician . 
a man is wearing a suit . 
the man is wearing a baseball cap . 
the man is sleeping . 
he is deciding whether he should trim his beard . 
the man is looking at his face . 
people are walking in a road . 
people watching sports . 
there are people in a sports center . 
the cyclist falls down the windy road
a cyclist rides down a road
the cyclist is not riding
an asian shows computers . 
the asian likes mexican food . 
a border collie is jumping to catching a toy . 
a dog is mid-air ,  jumping to catch a tennis ball . 
a dog is napping on the bed . 
multiple people talk to each other . 
people are talking about politics . 
people are washing the dishes . 
the man is wearing tan pants . 
the man is examining a machine . 
the man is a repairman . 
dog runs outside . 
dog runs outside with his owner . 
dog lays down outside . 
a man is standing in front of flowers . 
a man just got back from a business trip . 
thi
some people are scuba diving . 
a bunch of people are playing a game . 
a boy is about to hit a home run . 
uniformed people are eating
uniformed people are observing a scene
uniformed people are outside
a man is looking through a microscope
a lifeguard sits by the pool
a scientist is inspecting a new strain of virus
the young boy is playing soccer
the young boy is wearing black
the your boy is excercizing . 
a woman packages candy for a friend
a woman sews a dress
a woman puts candy away
a man and woman are kissing in a car . 
a man and a woman are performing a song together . 
the man and woman are doing karaoke together at a bar . 
the men are playing basketball with no audience . 
the men are making shots . 
the men are playing in front of a huge crowd . 
a criminal working his way through the transit station
a man wearing a white suit at a wedding . 
a man walking through a transit station . 
a man is is an artist teaching art classes
a man is at an auto shop . 
a man is working on art . 
two girls eating cupcakes . 
kids eating cupcakes that their mom gave them . 
two boys eating cupcakes . 
there is a person driving . 
there is a person driving in a tournament . 
somebody is driving a boat . 
the greyhounds are lying down to sleep for the night . 
the dogs are racing down the track . 
the two guys were working outside . 
the workers were wearing safty gear . 
the guys drove the work truck through the city . 
six people are celebrating halloween . 
six people are in a hospital . 
six people are in a dessert . 
gentleman window shops . 
well dressed looter . 
businessman considers buying a gift . 
some members of the marching band are sitting while others are standing . 
two women are playing the flute . 
two people are drumming . 
the woman is standing by a lake . 
a woman near a table . 
the female is waiting for her order . 
the man is driving down the street . 
the man is delivering items . 
the man is standing on a truck . 
a person is riding his bike up the hill . 
a person just lost control as they flew off the curb on their bike . 
a person is on a bike . 
brown and black dogs carrying a big log in the meadow to show their owner . 
dogs carrying a big log in a meadow . 
dogs running through a puddle of water . 
both of the men are on break . 
two men are working . 
two men are laying bricks . 
construction workers at a job . 
people fixing a building
people painting in a house . 
a cute dog was chasing the cat through they alley . 
a dog was sniffing his food before eating it . 
the brown dog was looking intently at the bull on the other side . 
the person is cozy . 
the person is wrapped in a straightjacket . 
the person is sitting on the floor . 
a man on stilts performs a trick for an audience . 
a man on stilts performs a magic trick for onlookers at his school . 
there are people watching tv inside . 
a line of people at an atm . 
three women waiting for an atm . 
a fat redheaded woman laughs at something . 
a redheaded woman laughs at something . 
a young redheaded man laughs at something . 
a man and women sleeping together outside on a park bench . 
a couple asleep on a bench outside . 
a man and a woman feeding eachother food at a table . 
a young boy gets his photo taken . 
a young girl gets his photo taken with mr .  and mrs .  clause . 
a young boy ' s mother takes his photo with mr .  and mrs .  clause . 
a woman is sitting outside in the rain . 
a person is covering their face and hair . 
a man is working in a restaurant . 
one lady looks at a box while another looks at her phone
one lady looks at a product while another looks the product up on her phone
one lady eats a box while the other fights a tiger
the men are playing volleyball . 
there are other people playing with them . 
the men are playing frisbee . 
everyone is asleep in their bed
there is at least one person . 
the people are at the beach . 
two instructors are teaching a small class of five how to fly a helicopter . 
seven men are getting ready to fly an airplane . 
there are men at the helicopter . 
kids playing a video game as the light of dawn peeks through the windows . 
children competing in a relay race . 
a team of youths race to finish first in a relay race on a beach . 
an old taxi drives on a street . 
a car drives on a street . 
people walk through a store . 
people are playing basketball . 
two teams are competing in hockey . 
a basketball player in red is trying to grab the ball from a player in white . 
a man takes a picture
the man takes a video clip
the man is a photographer
a woman is standing next to a flower pot . 
a woman is standing next to a flower pot in her own home . 
a woman is a dress is standing next to a flower pot . 
people are sitting in the bar drinking . 
bar goers walk around outside after last call . 
people move around outside . 
a child swims in the ocean . 
a kid swims in water . 
a child swims laps in a lap pool . 
a man is sleeping in a sleeping bag . 
a man is hiking with his girlfriend . 
a man is hiking . 
the puppy is chasing a ball . 
the pet is chewing on a bone
a dog is running to catch a colorful ball
a dog next to a window
a pomeranian next to a window
a cat next to a window
the woman is watching shades of grey
the man is outside
the man playing a game . 
a person walking in a tunnel is lost
a person walking in a tunnel
a person sitting on a bench
a kid who ' s too young to read climbs a dangerous stack of logs . 
a kid climbing some logs
a young child sits in class and reads a book quitely . 
a dog is jumping . 
a dog is outdoors . 
the dog is white . 
a person taking a photo . 
a tourist takes a picture of the city skyline at dusk . 
a girl in a hat is walking her ox to get home . 
a little girl is riding her ox in a desert . 
a little girl is in a field . 
a surfer relaxing on the beach . 
a daring man in the surf . 
a person in the water . 
a man is celebrating his victory while smiling and shooting champagne in the air
a man is happily celebrating his victory while smiling and shooting champagne in the air
a man is celebrating his victory while smiling and shooting guns in the air
a man is standing at a podium . 
the woman is making a speach about agriculture . 
a person is at a podium . 
the man is walking down the street . 
the man is wearing a green shirt . 
the man is on his way to a movie . 
a man folding his laundry . 
two people eating together . 
a mother and her daughter eating sandwiches together . 
the young boy rides his bike as hard as he can . 
the young boy ' s bike is broken . 
this young boy is shorter than this young woman . 
the woman is naturally blonde . 
the woman is wearing a blue shirt . 
the woman is wearing a red shirt . 
a man eats a doughnut with his coffee . 
a person is drinking coffee . 
a woman drinks . 
this guy is wearing a racing uniform while holding a bottle
this guy is wearing a racing uniform while holding a bottle of punch
this guy is jumping rope
a sad woman is watching tv . 
a woman is cooking dinner for the guests . 
a woman is cooking . 
a boy and girl are waiting patiently in line . 
a boy is pushing a girl on a toy suv inside of a nice house . 
a boy and a girl are playing . 
the man is deciding whether is should watch a movie at the theater or not . 
the man is at home watching tv . 
there is a man standing outside of a theater . 
a man has hair . 
a man is outdoors . 
a man is indoors . 
a man wearing a costume
a man dressing for a show
a man wearing a tux
there is a guy holding a football . 
a quarterback looks for a receiver during a football game . 
there is a guy with a basketball . 
two girls are wearing school uniforms . 
two boys are walking together in white shirts and blue shorts . 
two girls are walking together . 
somebody is riding a bike during a storm in the desert . 
somebody is riding a bike on the nature trail . 
somebody is riding a bike outside . 
 a man with a red beard and mustache is smiling and laughing . 
 a man with a red beard and mustache . 
a man is sleeping in his bed . 
the women have rounded up the last cow for the fall
there are women outside in this picture
they are at the bar
the three men are taking a break at work in the kitchen . 
three african american men work together in the food industry . 
three asian men work at a bar . 
a woman watching the game . 
a man working hard . 
a referee watching a game . 
a man and a woman ride their bikes down a hill . 
the group is skiing . 
the sun sets as a group of skiers finish a race . 
four men are sitting in the shade under the bright glare of the sun
four men are standing on a hill watching a sunset
a beautiful sunset shows the shapes of four figures silhouetted against it ' s backdrop
one girl is making posters . 
girls are making posters . 
the girls are using paints and markers on the signs . 
people trying to read what a man is writing . 
a man scribbles indoors . 
a gentleman swims at the beach . 
the teenager has just made a hole-in-one while playing golf . 
the teenager is riding a horse in a steeplechase competition . 
there is a teenager playing golf in a field . 
a husband and wife walk down the street . 
a husband and wife lay on the beach . 
a woman and a man walk down the street . 
a kid is outside looking into the water . 
the boy is swinging on a swing . 
a guy with a basketball
the guy is flying a plane
the men are inside
the constuction crew is waiting for the next delivery of supplies
the men are outside
a young woman wearing a yellow dress sitting in the sand at a packed beach . 
a young woman wearing a white sleeveless dress lined with real red flowers talking to her boyfriend on her cellphone as she walks down a quiet street sidewalk . 
a young woman wearing a white sleeveless dress lined with red flowers talking on her cellphone as she walks down the street sidewalk outside . 
a white woman is holding a sign
a younger woman is holding a sign
a woman is holding a sign
a boy is dancing on his bed . 
a boy is running outside . 
a boy is running . 
a blonde boy is playing near a construction zone . 
a blonde girl is playing . 
a blonde child is playing . 
people play poker
people play cards
cat stares at dog
white outfit women playing tennis
women playing
women at work
four adults are walking down the street . 
four children are dancing around a pole . 
four girls are dancing around a pole . 
a bunch of young kids play a game that requires them to run around a pole . 
the kids are fighting outside . 
there are kids outside playing
a group of workers on their lunch break . 
a team of construction workers are hurrying to get back on schedule . 
a construction team working in a subway station . 
a man is a good skateboarder
a man is riding a skateboard
a woman is running
people play baseball
a cat jumps high
two old ladies are making out at a strip club . 
a sister holds her little brother . 
two children together . 
there is a man on a boat . 
the hungover man drives his boat to work . 
the happy pilot flies his plane . 
workers leaving the office after office hours
workers filling orders at basking robbins
workers busy in handling orders
a man with a duffel bag walks with agirl pushing a cart down the street . 
a man with a duffel bag walks along side a girl pushing a cart down a busy street . 
a man with a breif case stands near a corner as a woman walks past . 
the man is in a store . 
the man is wearing a red shirt . 
the man is wearing brown . 
a friend in white givers her blue dressed friend something . 
a woman in white hands something to a woman in blue . 
two sisters are flipping each other off . 
a woman is walking down the street of shops . 
a woman is window shopping for a new outfit . 
a woman is sitting on a train . 
the newlyweds are kissing in a church during the wedding . 
the newlyweds are actually vampires . 
two people kissing . 
a woman says hi to another woman at the grocery store . 
a man pushing away another man on the soccer field . 
a man pushing away another man on the soccer field because he pushed him first . 
a woman is taking a picture in cold weather . 
a woman is taking a picture with an older woman . 
a man is running errands on his bike . 
a uniformed group carry signs written in chinese
a dog eats steak
a militant chinese group lead a protest with red signs
crowd has gathered to celebrate and watch a parade
people are celebrating a local festival ,  cheering alonside a parade
people have gathered for a funeral
the woman is riding her bike to conserve fuel use . 
the lady is riding a bike . 
the lady is driving a huge truck . 
dancers are performing on stage barefoot . 
two magicians are performing on stage . 
dancers are performing to latin music . 
the man is holding a pencil . 
the man is laying down on the couch . 
the man is drawing a picture . 
people are collecting special stones from rocks . 
people are taking things from rocks . 
people are throwing rocks . 
the young people are outdoors . 
the young people are taking a picture inside . 
they are taking a class photo . 
men at the center of a clearing
men at the center of a clearing waiting for the rest of the group
there are people riding the bus after school
there are people riding the bus
there are people watching the bus pass by
a young kid is drinking out of a cup . 
a kid is holding a soda can and walking through the park . 
the kids were in awe as they listened pasionately to the story of the young boy . 
the man is outdoors . 
the man has shorts on . 
the man has pants on . 
the man poses with a yellow flower . 
the man is near a red flower . 
the man stands before the camera outside . 
there is one child in this picture ,  and he is outside . 
the boy is playing video games upstairs in his room . 
the boy is trying to get his kite down from the tree . 
a boy is taking a nap in his bed . 
a boy near an item . 
the young child is working on his science project . 
a boy is attending an event
a boy is sitting down . 
a boy is cheering for his team . 
a man is traveling to see his best friend . 
a boy is sweeping the sidewalk . 
a guy is riding the bus . 
people are sleeping . 
people are eating food . 
people are in a restaurant celebrating an anniversary . 
a large group going out
a group of men at a piano bar
one person at a piano bar
two women are running late for a meeting . 
two women are fishing in the ocean . 
two women are jogging by the beach . 
the newly constructed town hall
the town hall
an older building
the young man is juggling balls . 
the young man is sleeping . 
the young boy is outside . 
two women are resting indoors . 
two mothers enjoy a day at the beach with their husbands . 
two women are outdoors . 
two women in bikinis are flirting with guys . 
two girls are helping their mom with the laundry . 
two ladies are wearing swimsuits . 
the man walks among trees . 
the man is lost in the woods . 
the mas is walking next to dogs . 
a speedwalker next to cars
a runner in front of his supporters
a runner with a convoy of motorcycles
a person just bowled a strike . 
the person is eating nachos . 
a person is bowling . 
a man is almost done working today . 
a man is working at a car wash
a man is shining some shoes . 
the policeman is sitting . 
the policeman is on a stakeout . 
the policeman is standing . 
the man is playing a guitar . 
a man is wearing a uniform . 
three military offcials battle a fire after an accidental explosion . 
there is a fire being fought . 
three military officials sit by a lake and are fishing . 
a man has black hair . 
the man is a performer . 
the man is blond . 
a full haired man is looking a drinking glasses . 
a man with glasses is looking at drinking glasses . 
a man with thinning hair . 
a painter copying masterpieces in a museum . 
a painter copying masterpieces in a museum to sell . 
a painter creating an original work of art . 
a painter works on a copy of a rembrandt . 
a person is crafting a replica of another ' s creation . 
the surrealist is running wind sprints . 
the man is bringing the ice cream cone to another person . 
the man is sitting on a bench . 
the man is outside . 
a woman wearing big red sunglasses is frowning . 
the happy woman has big green eyes . 
a woman wearing sunglasses is not smiling . 
a bunch of eagles are eating a bug
a bunch of guys in colorful clothes are standing together waiting for the bus
a bunch of guys in colorful clothes stand together
they are in a gym
the gym is old
there is  no volleyball
four kids are wearing hats with streamers . 
four kids are wearing birthday party hats . 
four kids are waiting in line for the bus . 
a man standing in front of a vehicle . 
a worker standing in front of his truck which has writing on it . 
someone sleeping on the ground next to a jeep . 
two kids are sitting next to each other . 
the boys are playing dodge ball . 
the school kids are relaxing during recess . 
he is running against a group of people
he doesnt have legs
he is winning
a human is surrounded . 
a person is at a concert . 
a person is alone in a dark room . 
a girl checks her phone on a boat . 
a girl is talking on a landline . 
he looks through the microscope before lunch
he looks through the microscope
he eats stars
lots of people are walking by a small red building . 
a group of children are relaxing in front of a large red building . 
a crowd relaxes in front of a large red building . 
three people with guitars . 
three people with instruments . 
three people build a house . 
a woman is lying in the grass . 
a woman is sitting on a park bench wearing sandals . 
a woman is taking a break and lying in the grass . 
a girl lays down in front of a tent
a boy lays down in front of a tent
a circus worker is moving the big top tent . 
a guy is transporting a tent . 
a hiker is sleeping in a tent . 
a woman and young girl celebrating together . 
a woman bathing her daughter . 
a young girl putting confetti in a lady ' s hair . 
a man in a blue shirt stands by a grill . 
a man bakes a cake . 
a man in blue jeans cooks hot dogs on the grill . 
a man is pointing into the ear and wearing a light striped shirt . 
a man is pointing into the foot and wearing a striped shirt . 
a man is pointing into the ear and wearing a striped shirt . 
a girl is chasing a rabbit . 
a boy is running home after school . 
a boy is outside running . 
the firefighter can ' t enter the building . 
a firefighter starts a fire . 
a firefighter going up a ladder . 
the men are standing in a parking garage . 
two men are standing in front of a large vehicle . 
the men are seated in lawn chairs . 
the man has shorts but no shoes . 
the man in shorts is not wearing footwear . 
the man wears black pants and dress shoes . 
horse rider in traditional wear ,  ride horse with ceremonial wear and accessories
the rider and horse are covered in gear . 
the horse is asleep next to the man . 
pets galloping down the street . 
a traditionally dressed horse and rider at a parade . 
the woman is in the bathroom
the woman is getting ready
the woman is wearing black
the dog is asleep on the sofa . 
a little dog chases a ball . 
the dog is a chihuahua . 
the accordion player is highly skilled . 
the man ' s shirt is black . 
a young man is walking . 
a man shows his girlfriend the contents of his wallet . 
two people are near each other . 
a woman is walking after a man who is running from her . 
a boy is sleeping
a boy is outside
a boy is skating with a hockey stick
the ornate church contains chatting people . 
the men pray at the alters . 
there are people at a table . 
an artist preparing some sketches in the dirt . 
a man playing in the sand at the beach . 
a man making designs in the dirt outside . 
there is a statue behind a person . 
a person is strolling with a bag . 
a person is cooking hot dogs at the beach . 
the man and the boy are taking a nap on the bunk beds . 
the man is reading to his grandson . 
the man and boy are in a bedroom . 
the woman is lying down sleeping
the woman is white
a woman carries children
a black dog walks on a concrete path . 
a white dog runs on a dirt path . 
a dog runs on a path . 
a woman throwing apples . 
a woman climbing down a tree . 
a woman with red hair . 
a woman has dark skin . 
a woman is swimming . 
a woman is moving . 
the man is on a treadmill . 
the man is on his way to work . 
the man is outside . 
a worker is working on the damages caused by the flood . 
a worker is on a break . 
a worker is outside . 
the woman is eating lunch . 
the woman is walking to the shop . 
a woman is outside . 
the person is snowboarding . 
the person is competing in a snowboarding competition . 
the person is resting . 
a man sitting on a bench outside . 
a man walks down the sidewalk wearing headphones . 
a person walking outside . 
an old man listening to rock walking down the sidewalk . 
a man walks down the sidewalk listening to music through headphones . 
a baby sits in a crib . 
a man chops veggies . 
a dog runs after a squirrel . 
a dog runs outside . 
the man is underwater looking for fish . 
a man can see mountains from where he stands . 
there are only two people . 
the people are in a play . 
there is a group of people present . 
several men are gathered . 
several men are gathered to learn about ham radios . 
women are sitting around a table drinking coffee . 
people are spending a day at the beach . 
people are outdoors . 
people rest while climbing a mountain . 
a smiling boy walking and a frowning girl with a phone . 
a smiling girl walking and a frowning girl with a cellphone . 
a  girl walking and a frowning girl with a phone . 
the man is jumping to another boulder . 
the man is sitting down on the rock . 
the man is on the rock . 
the man in the white is the superior of the janitor in gray . 
the men are hosting a news show . 
two rodeo contestants wait their turn . 
people at a rodeo . 
five rodeo contestants wait their turn to win the 500 dollar prize . 
the children are at the ocean with their dog . 
the children are playing catch with their dog . 
the children are asleep on the couch with their dog . 
people having a parade on a street . 
one person walking on the street . 
a group of people on the street . 
two people are walking down an alley . 
two people are walking down an alley on their way home from work . 
two people are sitting in an alley . 
a woman is giving a speech to an interested crowd . 
a woman is doing a stage dive into a crowd . 
a woman is standing at a lectern . 
an older looking couple are holding hands as the walk past a restaurant outside . 
an older looking couple is glancing through a glass window of a busy restaurant . 
an older looking couple is riding in the back of a taxi in the middle of a city . 
a man takes his lunch break in the park . 
a man is eating . 
a man sits in the cafeteria . 
kids at zoo
people on boat
people having boat party
the is one woman in the picture . 
there are 3 people in the picture . 
the women are in their underwear . 
a man talks . 
chew wrigley ' s spearmint beer . 
an old man works . 
two men are in the hot tub . 
a couple of women are in the hot tub . 
two women are on vacation in the hot tub . 
a man tossing his son into the air . 
a man tossing a girl into the air . 
a man tossing a child into the air . 
phone to her ear ,  a woman bends forward
phone to her ear ,  a woman bends slowly forward
phone to her butt ,  a woman bends forward
the woman is speaking into a cow bladder
the phone ' s ringer is loud
a woman is using a phone
a girl is wearing orange . 
a girl is wearing a yellow sweater . 
a girl is wearing an orange sweater with black stripes . 
the man is shirtless on the beach . 
the man is wearing purple jeans . 
a man is wearing a blue shirt . 
three guys are hiking across the desert . 
three men are outside . 
three brothers are playing a friendly game of frisbee before dinner . 
the theme of the photo is red . 
everyone is wearing blue but looks red due to the sun glare . 
everything in the photo is red colored . 
the dark-haired lady frowned and wore all black
there is a happy lady with colorful clothing
a dark-haired lady is dressed for a good day
a four wheeler is passing
suv travelling through mud
biking done on the rocky hill
the toddler is wearing rain boots . 
the man ' s shirt is white . 
people are walking on a wet street . 
a monkey chases after a rattlesnake . 
two men sawing wood . 
two workers cutting down a board to make it fit in a housing project . 
the people are wanting to buy concert tickets . 
the people are standing outside . 
the people are inside the classroom . 
there are three soccer players . 
the three players are chasing after the hockey puck . 
the players are all trying to get the ball from the opposing team . 
the adult jumped up onto the tree . 
a child sits in a tree . 
the child climbed up there on his own . 
there are no customers at the cafe . 
there are customers at a cafe ordering food . 
the mom and boy are at an amusement park . 
the mom and boy are on a roller coaster . 
the mom is letting the boy steer the bumpercar
a man in an orange hat is getting ready to throw a ball . 
a man in a blue hat drops the ball . 
a gentleman wearing an orange hat has a ball . 
the kangaroo wants to leave
two women are petting a kangaroo
the women are wiping a windshield
a girl is blowing a kiss to a boy while someone watches . 
a girl is smoking a cigar in a pool hall . 
a girl blows a kiss as another girl sees it . 
the man is not asian . 
faces are being made to the camera . 
the man is wearing a white shirt . 
there is a large group . 
there is one person  . 
they are canadian . 
a woman looks away after recognizing her ex-boyfriend kissing his new girl . 
two people are having an intimate moment while another avoids looking at them . 
a toddler has overturned their bowl of food and is crying . 
two men wearing different color shirts walking past each other . 
two men complimenting each other on their blue shirts . 
two guys talking in matching shirts . 
she is making a donation . 
she is stealing from them . 
she is fond of the charity . 
a woman runs down the field . 
a football player is trying to score a goal . 
a dallas cowboy player is trying to tie the playoff game . 
a couple hang out on the beach . 
a matching couple cools down in the rain . 
a matching couple get wet . 
the man is holding up a domino . 
the man has a playing card in his hand . 
the man is holding up the ace of spades . 
a dog is riding in the car . 
a dog is sniffing for its bone . 
there is a dog outside . 
a woman has a blue shirt
a woman just won a 5k race
a woman is wearing a green tshirt
one of the boys scored a goal for his sports team today . 
no one who is shown has ever played a sport . 
some of the people in the picture are at least fairly athletic . 
a man wearing a sweater inside
a person wearing a sweating in a street
a person waiting for a friend
a man is talking to his wife on the phone while walking down the street . 
a person on a phone is outdoors
a man is driving down a busy road . 
a little boy pushes an oily man off a deck . 
a bunch of people are hanging out in the park in the middle of classes . 
people are hanging outside with their bicycles on the grass . 
a group of friends are getting some money before they go to dinner . 
three men are playing poker . 
there are men outdoors . 
a woman ponders what it would be like to climb the slope . 
a man sleds down a slope . 
a woman stands on a slope . 
the boy is swinging at his baseball game . 
a girl in uniform is swinging . 
the girl is playing a game at recess . 
a man stands near a fire hydrant . 
a man is stealing parts from a motorcycle . 
a man is down beside a motorcycle . 
the man is making a snow angel . 
a man is moving quickly through the snow . 
the man is skiing . 
a man is a cook
a women is eating some friend dumpling dumplings
a man is wearing a apron
the lady is at the hair salon . 
a man is getting a hair cut . 
the man has long hair . 
a boy is outside
the boy is happy
the boy is dead
nobody has beach attire
tall people in beach attire
people in beach attire
five girls are wearing different colored dresses . 
five girls are playing together . 
five girls are baking a cake . 
the woman is sitting in the bedroom . 
a young woman dressed in white works in a very good kitchen
the young woman makes a meal . 
two kids wait for their mom to finish her hair appointment . 
a bird attacks its reflection in a window . 
two people look out a window . 
there is only one person . 
one wrestler is wearing green . 
two wrestlers are in a match . 
people are waiting for a train which is late . 
people are waiting . 
people survive a horrible train crash . 
a dog is wet
a dog is in a pond
a dog is sleeping
the dress is white . 
the woman is under a lot of stress . 
the dress is black . 
two women enjoying happy hour . 
two friends talking while getting a drink after work . 
two men talking in a bar . 
they are going somewhere . 
they are running . 
it is a special day . 
a child yells angrily at her mother . 
a child laughs as her hair sticks up . 
a child laughs at her mothers joke on a couch . 
a young infant is wearing pajamas . 
a woman buttons the baby ' s pajamas while a baby cries . 
a young baby smiles . 
the statue is made of marble . 
the statue is actually a gargoyle and it came to life . 
the people are taking photos of the statue . 
the boy is asleep on the couch . 
the boy is wearing shorts . 
the boy is looking at another boy . 
a man takes a picture of  two men in a crowd . 
a girl takes a photo of a dog . 
a man takes a picture of another people in a crowd . 
there is a child and two animals . 
the baby sits on the cats . 
the person is crying near some animals . 
boys playing . 
boys playing a new game they made up ,  volleyfoot . 
a boy plays with a yoyo . 
a man wearing a blue shirt and white pants
a man resting outside
a old man swimming
a human standing
nobody is standing
a tall human standing
two dogs are outside . 
two dogs are playing on a beach . 
two dogs sleep . 
a man is riding a horse . 
a man is being tortured by other people . 
a man is attempting to run away . 
the children are waiting to go into the water . 
the kids are in the back yard . 
there is a group of people on the beach . 
a man poses for a photo with a football . 
a man holds a football . 
a man rolls on the ground on fire . 
an animal is sleeping outside . 
there is an animal biting a broom . 
a puppy is playing . 
two men practicing martial arts . 
two persons playing tennis . 
a man is refuelling his car . 
a man is playing video games at his house . 
a man is outside at night . 
a woman holding a scruffy dog
a woman holding her scruffy dog
a woman holding a scruffy cat
a group of people are sitting in a business room when they notice something on the left . 
the group of people are game developers creating a new video game in their office . 
there is a computer with people seated nearby and a woman standing nearby them inside winter sport ,  which is a store with a bike next to it . 
a woman has left her bike outside a store while she goes inside . 
a woman rides her bike away from a store . 
the men having hats on their head . 
the men are walking inside the school . 
the men are construction workers . 
the people are indoors . 
the people are attending an outdoor art festival . 
the people are viewing a new art exhibit . 
a man is wearing a clever shirt . 
the man just got done shopping . 
the man is wearing a suit . 
a man wears his hat on his foot . 
a man is wearing a hat . 
a man is wearing a cowboy hat . 
three young women are belly dancing in front of a crowd . 
three young women are performing in front of a big audience . 
three young woman are sleeping in a crowded hall . 
a woman sits on a ledge
a man sits on a ledge
a woman sits in front of ancient indian ruins
a group of people are protesting in front of a building . 
a man in a blue shirt poses for the camera . 
a group of people are standing in front of a building . 
there is an animal standing outdoors . 
the dog is lying on the ground . 
the dog is contemplating whether it should enter the grassy forest . 
a young boy wearing a hat is cold while he sleds . 
a boy wearing a goofy hat is sledding by himself . 
a young boy is just sitting down and not sledding . 
a man is acquiring information . 
a man is playing videogames . 
a man is teaching himself how to climb . 
the man is not wearing a shirt . 
the man is wearing a nice shirt and jacket . 
the man doesn ' t care much about his health . 
the children are watching the man blow up balloons
the children watch the man make dogs and giraffes out of balloons
a man is being creative in front of the crowd . 
the children are sad as the man ignores them
a man is twisting a balloon into the shape of a dog . 
a man is making cotton candy for the children . 
two boys are helping their parents shop
a boy is pushing a shopping cart
a boy is walking on the street
a boy is on the swing set . 
a boy is afraid to go on the swing . 
a boy in a blue striped shirt is on the swing set . 
the boy is wearing a backpack . 
the boy has no backpack on . 
the boy is on his way home from school . 
a woman is sitting outside . 
a woman is sitting outside waiting for her friend . 
a woman is sitting inside . 
the raft is filled with 6 females . 
the raft has people in it . 
the raft is empty . 
a nicely dressed woman is sitting in the park . 
a homeless man is sitting on a park bench . 
there are two boats on a river . 
the people are on land . 
one of the boats ran out of gas . 
the rock band is playing to a sold out crowd
the band consists of a trio of musicians
the band is signing autographs
people are posing for a picture . 
two young boys dressed like cows are posing . 
two men dressed as basketball players are running . 
two men are ready to have their picture taken . 
the men are standing in total darkness . 
two friends give thumbs up to the camera . 
a woman is sitting in her backyard . 
a person is in the woods . 
a woman in outdoor clothes is hiking . 
a man is holding a sign a yelling "tattoo" . 
two people are sitting in a coffee shop . 
a man is holding a tattoo sign . 
a woman is trying to take pictures of the world ' s largest tree
a woman is in a green nun uniform
a woman is in a tan nun uniform . 
a person throws a toy for a dog . 
a dog is looking for a toy . 
a dog is looking for a cat . 
people play a game . 
several people are playing dominoes . 
the people watching from the sidelines cheer . 
a couple posing for the camera . 
two men take a picture together . 
a man and woman wearing sunglasses . 
a human not wearing any clothes is in a room . 
a man dressed in a coat is in a kitchen . 
an old man dressed only in a yellow towel is sweating in a sauna . 
women are fixing a school roof . 
a man is washing his hands . 
a school is being worked on . 
an upset little girl is throwing a tantrum . 
the girl is laughing . 
a young girl is crying for more attention . 
the child is drinking at a bar . 
the child is at a waterpark . 
the child is playing . 
the baby and the cat are in the living room . 
the baby and the cat are in the same room
there is not a cat near the baby . 
a dog is playing in the snow . 
a dog is in the snow . 
a cat plays in the snow . 
there is a boy in the water . 
a young boy is playing in the grass . 
the boy is playing at the beach . 
a firefighter is holding a fire hose with water comping out . 
a medic is treating someones wounds with bandages he is holding . 
there is no snow . 
a child is playing in the snow . 
a child is playing in the snow with his friends . 
a lady wearing gray speaks to a lady in black . 
a baby yawns in his crib . 
a lady wearing gray speaks to a lady in black outside of a church . 
some people are on land . 
some men are by water . 
two men are out boating . 
the boy is running through the surf towards his family that are swimming . 
the boy is running towards a bigger group of people . 
a boy can ' t swim so he didn ' t go to the beach with his family . 
a man is on his way to work . 
a man walks through a doorway . 
a man is sitting at a table . 
the boy has a gift for his mother . 
the kid is taking a nap . 
a kid is wearing colorful clothing . 
two brown and white dogs run on thick brown carpeting . 
the dogs wanted to find the end of the fence ,  but it seemed to keep on going ,  always turning into yet another stretch of distance . 
canines traverse a sealed expanse . 
two old women hate flowers and would not be near them
elderly women are resting near flowers
two old women sat near the scenery that they enjoyed
a man wears a helmet . 
a woman has a helmet on a motorcycle . 
an 20 year old man has an orange shirt . 
a man is at his sisters party . 
a person is sitting . 
a person is sleeping on the couch . 
the new mixer is necessary for this new couple
a couple opens a new appliance together
the couple purchased a used mixer
two people are near some other people . 
there are some people doing the limbo . 
there is a group of people at a music festival . 
a dog is jumping . 
a cat sleeps in the window . 
several dogs are racing and one is jumping over a hurdle . 
the man is seated on his couch in his living room . 
the man is outdoors . 
the man is wearing glasses . 
a street performer is acting out a scene . 
a performer is playing violin in the auditorium . 
a mime is practicing his art . 
a man is reading a newspaper on break . 
a man is reading a newspaper . 
a man is sitting down reading a newspaper . 
a man competes in a long distance run . 
people watch a man jog . 
a man sits at his computer sipping coffee . 
the person is running a marathon . 
a man is running by people who are watching . 
a man in a kayak passes by spectators . 
the woman is wearing a shirt . 
a woman is on a bike . 
the woman is tall . 
the crowd watches him
he has just won the competition
two dogs fly to the sun
a guy is looking over the side of a building with someone else . 
two men can not see each other because there is a wall in their way . 
two young girls walk up a slide . 
girls are jumping . 
two young girls are jumping outside . 
the man is brushing the leaves off his car . 
the man is getting his car ready for work . 
the man is cleaning off his car . 
people near a lot of reading materials . 
a couple under a table of goldfish . 
two people are shielded by paperbacks . 
four women are running away from a man in the city . 
four women are shopping for jewelry . 
four women are walking in the city . 
the snow is purple . 
the dog has cold paws from the snow . 
the dog enjoys the snow . 
tall people cooking
nobody is cooking
people cooking
the dog has a ball . 
a white dog is chewing on his food . 
the dog is running with a ball in its mouth . 
the dog is fetching the ball for its owner . 
there is a dog with a ball outside . 
the dog is chasing after a rolling tennis ball . 
a man is surfing . 
a man is sunbathing . 
a man on vacation is at the ocean . 
an animal jumps as a male falls . 
a man sits on the calm bull . 
the people are all waiting for the same train . 
the people are outside in the snow . 
the people are indoors . 
a small child dressed for winter stares across a floating lake while leaning on a mesh fence
a small child dressed for winter stares across a lake while leaning on a mesh fence
a small child dressed for winter stares across a large lake while leaning on a mesh fence
two wrestlers are eating dinner at a local diner . 
two wrestlers are competing and are brothers . 
wrestlers are participating in a match . 
there was a bad accident
a man walks near a police sign
a panda jumps
a person is thrown into the air by a bungee-jumping ride
a person is thrown gleefully screaming into the air by a bungee-jumping ride
the asian man is drawing a crowd . 
the asian man is at home in bed . 
the asian man is a performer . 
an old elephant in a pink polo looks through a telescope with a small child standing next to him
an old man in a pink polo looks through a telescope with a small child standing next to him . 
an ugly old man in a pink polo looks through a telescope with a small child standing next to him
dogs are digging a hole . 
two cats are sleeping in the sun . 
two dogs are digging under a rock . 
there is a furry animal in the grass . 
the animal is climbing a tree . 
the animal is walking through a forest . 
an officer driving down a street . 
an officer on a chopper . 
an officer watching a jail cell . 
someone is flying through the sky
a person is driving a tractor
a person is skydiving alone
the man is running the train into another train . 
two trains of different sizes but following each other side by side going to opposing directions . 
a man is riding a tiny train and sees another man on a different train . 
man in suit
monkey eats bananas
man on lunch break
an older boy is at the hospital . 
a young boy is getting a cavity filled . 
four people are walking along a mountain trail . 
four people are walking along a mountain trail trying to get down before the storm . 
no one is on the mountain trail
there are people outside the hotel . 
there is a red car passing the entrance of the hotel carmel . 
the people are staying at the hotel carmel . 
a woman was indoors before walking outside . 
the woman is carrying a bag with her laptop . 
a woman is wearing green . 
a man is taking a picture of a school of whales in hawaii . 
a man is taking a picture of a goldfish . 
a man is using a camera . 
a dog is dressed up for halloween and is trying to get flowers for his masters costume . 
a small animal is trying to get some plant life . 
a dog is trying to eat a dangling kitten on a tree . 
there is an animal outdoors . 
the dog is sleeping on the couch . 
the dog is playing fetch . 
a man is working indoors . 
a man is painting . 
a man is working . 
the attractive brunette in a red visor gets a lot of attention from the crowd as she holds a white umbrella . 
a raven haired woman is seen by the crowd holding a white opened umbrella . 
the dark haired girl is making a scene amoungst the crowd for hitting people with her umbrella . 
a group of people are water skiing . 
a group of people are playing basketball . 
the white team is winning a basketball game . 
people are busy . 
construction workers are building something . 
a group of children are swimming outside . 
a woman is talking . 
it is raining . 
a man is jogging . 
a red bus backing up into a spot
a red bus at a bus stop
a red bus making a turn
it is nighttime . 
there are clouds in the sky . 
the two men are not wearing shirts . 
people are rallying . 
people are standing in a street . 
people are inside watching tv . 
the old lady looks into the mirror to choose which makeup she will buy
the old lady looks into the mirror at the makeup table
the old lady plays tennis with a dog
a woman is standing in a kitchen . 
a woman in an apron is cooking spaghetti . 
a woman is making a snack . 
two men sit in the water on boards
someone is being chased on a beach
a number of young people run on a beach
the singer is sleeping
a singer in a pea coat
the singer is paid
a man is hugging the woman
a man is mad at the woman
a man chokes a woman
a girl in a wheelchair . 
a girl is following her parents on a wheelchair . 
a girl is running outside . 
the man is walking to work . 
the man is laying in the street . 
the man is walking . 
an older man ,  probably a blacksmith ,  is welding a tool ,  seen by the red hot scorching look of it . 
a probable blacksmith is welding a tool . 
a farmer is milking the cow . 
two men display a sign to the camera . 
two men are throwing rocks at policemen . 
a man in a red shirt and a man in a brown shirt are holding a sign at a peace rally . 
a man is hitting a golf ball . 
the man is a poor golfer . 
the man is playing tennis . 
a woman is smoking a cigarette . 
an old man pushing a cart . 
there is a man wearing cloths . 
a person is outside near some water . 
the man is standing by a river . 
the man is swimming in the water . 
a dog can jump . 
a dog rests on a pile of wood . 
a dog jumps over a pile of wood to chase a rabbit . 
one of the men is a goalie . 
the men are playing field hockey . 
the men are playing soccer . 
there is a group of boys standing around looking at a sports car . 
a grandmother is standing in front of a bus with violets decorated all over it . 
a woman is standing in front of a well decorated bus . 
the woman hits a ball . 
a naked man offers his balls to the police officer . 
the girl hits the ball to her coach . 
a girl is riding in a toy car . 
a girl is about to crash her toy car . 
a young boy sits in a lawn chair . 
a woman is at the laundromat . 
a man is waiting for his clothes to finish at the laundromat . 
a man is standing . 
a kid is on the swing . 
the child is on a sled . 
the child is playing with friends on the swing . 
the man ' s performance was outside of a house . 
a man performed inside of a gymnasium . 
the man performed in front of his own house . 
a dog chases a boy
a dog chases a boy to eat him
a dog chases his tail
man building a house out of stone . 
man sitting near table in a fabric-draped room . 
man sitting at a tarot card shop ,  waiting for his palm to be read . 
nobody has a tattoo
a person with a tattoo
a person with a great tatto
a woman is dancing in an art gallery . 
there is a person in a room . 
a woman is crying as she surveys her framing job . 
girl plays in park
girls jumps off swing
a boy drinks coffee
a group is swimming . 
a group is hiking . 
a group is walking . 
three people are riding in a boat . 
four people are standing up . 
the people are trying to cross a river without getting wet . 
a man is near a toddler
a older man and toddler playfully splash each other while in water
a grandfather is bathing his grandchild
women photographing statues for a magazine
two men taking pictures of animals
women photographing statues
girl dressed in colorful swim gear . 
girl dressed in nightgown sneaking into kitchen . 
girl with swim cap and goggles prepares to jump in pool . 
a man is talking to others . 
a man is singing . 
a man is performing in a concert . 
the worker is a man . 
a worker uses a shovel . 
the worker is shoveling snow . 
the man is old
the man is 10 years old
the man is 100 years old
the women are going for a run in the forest . 
the men are preparing to siege a castle . 
the men are in the woods . 
a girl is baking a cake in her kitchen . 
a little girl is drawing on the board during class . 
a young girl is drawing on a chalkboard . 
the woman is wearing shorts . 
the woman is wearing black shorts . 
the woman is wearing a dress . 
a racer on horseback . 
a person on a motorcycle . 
a person waves at the camera . 
an old woman is making spaghetti . 
an old woman is in the kitchen . 
a young woman is making food in the kitchen . 
two sisters are eating lollipops . 
two women are eating lollipops . 
two sisters are eating cotton candy . 
a man is getting tidied up for a job interview . 
a man with long braided hair is dancing alone on a sidewalk in a loincloth . 
a guy is getting his hair trimmed . 
there are no men at the party . 
there are men at the party . 
they are smoking cigarettes on the porch . 
two guys kidnap a woman . 
a man and a couple of women take a walk . 
a man and a pair of women are walking down a wooden path ,  with the man is pushing a young child in a three wheel carriage . 
the girls are inside a school . 
the girls are watching a presentation in a classroom . 
the girls are in front of a blackboard in a classroom . 
a taxi driver with gray hair next to a green and yellow taxi . 
a older man with gray hair wearing a gray suit . 
a older woman sits in a green and yellow taxi . 
the sneakers are white . 
the men are terrified . 
the men are using a phone . 
the children are singing at home
a choir of kids are singing
they are singing in a christmas program
something that is shown in the shot is made of paper . 
this person ' s only job is being a welder on an oil rig . 
the guy just got a big tip from a customer . 
a couple of young people hanging out . 
an old couple watches the sunset . 
a couple of young people are at a concert . 
two adults on a seesaw . 
two attractive adults on a seesaw . 
two children on a seesaw . 
a person reads their favorite novel . 
a man listens to an audio book . 
a person reads . 
the man is wearing a baseball cap . 
a man is holding the leash of a dog . 
the dog is a retriever . 
the young men are in complete agreement . 
young men are arguing . 
young men went out on the balcony to argue in private . 
a boy walks through the woods . 
a girl walks through a field . 
a boy walks to school through the woods . 
the men are outside . 
the group of young men play a game while on break from work . 
a man sits by himself in the grass reading a book . 
a woman keeps flowers to herself . 
a man takes a flower from a woman . 
a couple interacts . 
a little baby is wearing blue . 
a little baby is wearing red . 
a little baby is having lunch . 
the man is ready to fight
the girl has a hot date tonight
the girl is getting made up
a women is on stage holding a guitar and is ready to perform for the audience . 
a woman is getting ready to perform a song for the audience . 
a woman is on stage holding a microphone . 
a woman is holding a cellphone . 
a woman wearing a blue scarf is working at a factory . 
a woman is calling her daughter . 
the woman is standing
a woman is sitting
a man with his diving gear . 
a man with his outfit
a man hiding his true identity . 
girls in swim suit attracting the guys through glamour
two girls are swiming in a pool
two girls practicing swimming in a pool
women are sitting on a grassy field . 
women are digging in a field to plant corn . 
women are digging . 
john mccain is talking about politics . 
john mccain is hosting a talk show . 
john mccain is on a talk show . 
traffic drives through the crosswalk . 
traffic is stopped at a red light . 
traffic waits for people to cross the street . 
many people walk to the sidewalk to avoid traffic . 
mane people sit in the street . 
many people walk to the sidewalk . 
a person gets ready to protest near a building . 
a man in a coat takes a stroll outdoors . 
a child notices his mom taking a picture . 
someone is taking a picture of a child . 
a child ' s mother takes a picture of her . 
a child is riding his bike
the child is riding his bike to the park
the child is at home watching movies
a mother and daughter are participating in a historical reinactment . 
people are outside . 
the people are riding in a plane . 
the tourists are having their picture taken by a famous work of art . 
the couple standing by a statue are having their picture taken . 
the young couple are taking pictures of the countryside . 
three people sit in a cafe . 
the performers are performing in a cabaret . 
three performers wear lace costumes . 
a human is riding a vehicle . 
a little girl in a gray jacket is doing a wheelie on a ten speed mountain bike . 
a little girl in a gray jacket is driving a car . 
three people enjoying the great outdoors . 
two people standing . 
three people in nature . 
a group of soldiers patrol the street . 
a group of people watch a movie . 
a group of people walk down the street . 
two people are outside walking together . 
two girls are walking through new york city . 
an old pirate shows off all his extreme tattoos . 
kids are splashing around in a fountain . 
kids are taking a bath . 
kids are are standing in a fountain . 
a person separates his upper and lower jaw . 
the governor prepared to deliver the speech that would deliver the votes . 
a man in black hat keeps his lips sealed . 
the top is pink
the glass bottle is big
the doll isn ' t stitch
man parachutes off a cliff with a scenic view . 
man jumps off cliff near city . 
man walks down a hill . 
both of these women are clinically mute . 
a young woman stands near a stove . 
a young chef teaches her sister how to prepare a recipe . 
they are hanging out with mr .  rogers . 
they are in the kitchen . 
they are indoors . 
the man is walking his dog . 
a man is grilling . 
the man is making hot dogs and hamburgers . 
the men are contractors
there is snow outside
it ' s a bright summer day when the men enter the home
nobody is poking
a human poking
a tall human poking
the men are working on something . 
the two men are brothers . 
the men are sleeping in a bed . 
two females are holding sacks . 
two women are enjoying an afternoon of shopping . 
some women are applying makeup . 
a girl has tripped and fallen into a pile of raked leaves . 
a girl is falling off a pier ,  into a lake . 
two women are sitting down . 
two women are praying at a table before they eat their lunch . 
two sisters are hugging after not seeing each other in ages . 
a mid-day tea party in a miniature house attracts these young girls . 
hiking pace along rough terrain . 
hikers make their way along tough terrain to get to the scene of the fall . 
people are in an ethnic establishment
people are ready to order chinese food
people are listening to mariachi music
a man is sleeping in front of a fountain . 
a man is talking to his girlfriend on the phone . 
a man is talking outside on his phone . 
a cat sleeps soundly
a coach teaches his kids
a man talks to kids
the woman is sleeping on a pillow . 
the woman is looking at a dog . 
a woman is looking at something to her right . 
the rugby player is tall . 
the person is playing rugby . 
there is a person sitting on the bed . 
an old woman in a red and blue striped shirt is walking a large black horse across a street . 
a human and an animal are outdoors . 
a woman in a striped shirt is running with a dog across a street . 
the girl is watering pansies and daisies . 
the girl is giving the flowers some water . 
the girl is putting water in the pot . 
some people have gone to the woods for training . 
kid are allowed to attempt the assault course . 
the girl tries on the blue dress at the store . 
people enjoying the festivities in cancun . 
fiesta time ! 
mourners toast their lost loved ones . 
a woman is bowling . 
a woman is in a bowling alley . 
a women is sleeping . 
two people are sitting on the side of the road . 
two people are working on their vehicle . 
two people are looking at a car . 
a woman sits on a rug next to a boy who is looking at a gameboard . 
a woman and her son play the third of a best of three checkers tournament . 
a woman stands in a tv room and watches her son watching tv . 
a group of people are laying down . 
a large group of people are standing around . 
a group of people are standing around . 
a woman in an orange jacket . 
a women walking outdoors . 
two elderly men cat calling at a woman . 
a mother and her child are playing in the snow . 
there is a child on a sled . 
the woman in the blue jacket has three legs and two heads . 
a male model with a mohawk ,  tattoos ,  and piercings strikes a lazy pose in a lounge chair for the camera . 
a man is taking photos of his cat . 
a man is in a chair . 
there are two men
they are friends
the men are eating lunch
a man at home plate hits a baseball with the bat . 
a man in a baseball game hits a foul ball . 
an umpire signals that the runner sliding into home plate is "out" . 
the dog is asleep in the grass . 
a black dog found a ball in the water and is bring it back to its owner . 
the black dog is swimming . 
a girl is fighting a veteran . 
a young boy is being forced to remind others of veterans . 
a young boy is honoring fallen veterans . 
a horse jumps over a fence . 
an acrobat is hanging upside down . 
a circus is going on . 
a rock band performs on the beach . 
a group performs with instruments . 
the jazz band performs . 
it is snowy outside . 
the samoyads are wrestling . 
the samoyads are eating their dinner . 
the boy has his face painted . 
the boy lost his pacifier . 
the boy is not sucking his thumb . 
a boy is sitting on a log . 
a boy is thinking outside . 
the two girls are sisters . 
two boys smile wearing tank tops . 
two girls smile wearing sunglasses . 
the children have a ball . 
the children are near some cars . 
the children are inside . 
a man is holding a musical instrument . 
a man is about to perform a song . 
a woman sits on the floor near a blue bike . 
the boy is sitting . 
the boy is 2 years old . 
the boy is standing . 
a person is sitting in a chair . 
 a person is surfing a big hundred foot wave . 
 a person is surfing . 
two boys are surrounded by toys . 
the two boys are having a playdate arranged by their mothers . 
that player has never missed a catch . 
the male baseball player belongs to the cleveland indians . 
a soldier using binoculars searches for the enemy in a desert . 
a soldier using binoculars outside in the heat . 
a soldier standing outside of a palace . 
a dog is about to be attacked by a gator . 
a dog is sleeping . 
people are crossing a river . 
a path covered by snow . 
a hot summer by the beach on the walkway . 
a wooden path towards the shore . 
the singer did not show up
a singer wearing a jacker performs on stage
a singer is on american idol
nobody is lined up
tall people lined up
a man enjoys his bike . 
a man is enjoying his favorite route . 
a man is asleep in his bed . 
a personal chef prepares a meal for his celebrity client and her dinner guests . 
a person in appropriate institution protection works with meals . 
a young man with earrings and a mohawk ,  prepares hamburgers at a fast food restaurant . 
an animal is biting a man . 
an animal bit its owner . 
a cat attacks a man . 
a man is near a building labeled lottery ticket centre . 
a man just purchased some lottery tickets . 
a man in a red jacket is near a building labeled lottery ticket centre . 
a cat running up a tree
a dog running down a road
a dog running down a leaf covered road carrying a ball in it ' s mouth
a couple walks in front of a building . 
a couple walks in front of a boat . 
a couple walks in front of a three story building . 
a man is carrying a bag on his back . 
a man is hiking outside with a bag on his back . 
a man is outside with no bag on his back . 
two boys in a boat
two boys in a sailboat
boys trying to escape an incoming storm
a bird is on a lake . 
a swan is flying away from a lake . 
a bird is looking for food on a lake . 
the person has a coat on . 
the woman is sleeping . 
the woman is trying to get a picture of her friend . 
the log is for firewood . 
the men have put out a fire . 
the men felled the log in a snowy area . 
a group of people are walking together
a group of people sit at home
there is a school tour going on
a sad man in a red delivery truck is talking to someone is a black coat . 
a woman in a red delivery truck is talking to someone is a black coat . 
a person in a red delivery truck is talking to someone is a black coat . 
the men are repairing the streets . 
three men are doing repairs . 
three men in orange suits escaped from prison . 
a little girl lays on a hospital bed
a kid is at the hospital
a kid broke his leg
two people competing in a fencing tournament
two people holding fencing swords
two people playing dodgeball
the boy is riding his board . 
the boy is doing a jump on rollerblades . 
the boy is doing a trick . 
a man is playing video games . 
a person is on a bike . 
a man is winning a bike race . 
they are swimming in the lake . 
there is a man and a woman . 
they have been swimming . 
a dad and son is playing on the beach . 
a man and a boy is playing on the beach . 
three children are in a forested area . 
three children are making a cup of tea together . 
three children are shooting a deer . 
people are playing video games . 
the hikers have backpacks . 
the mountain is bare . 
a woman is taking a picture outdoors
a woman is inside at the movies
a person is outside
a woman and two men are having a discussion about freedom . 
a woman and two men are negotiating a threesome . 
a woman and two men are talking amongst themselves . 
a man is blowing out his birthday cake . 
a man is out in public . 
the adult is shopping for a gift . 
people buy produce at a market . 
people are dancing to music in a club . 
people are shopping for many things at the market . 
the workers are sleeping . 
the workers are working infront of the house
the workers are standing on the ground
the guy is looking for a job . 
the gentleman is standing by the table . 
the male is a poet . 
people are walking outside . 
people are riding a bus . 
homeless people are walking outside . 
the man is visiting gettysburg national cemetary in gettysburg pa with his family . 
the man is canoeing down a slowly-moving river ,  enjoying the noonday sun . 
there are both people and animals in this picture . 
the man wants to purchase some produce . 
the man is walking in a direction . 
the man is sitting on a bench . 
race cars
people playing racketball
a driver passing his opponent on the last lap
a family is at the mall
a woman is driving her kids around
a woman is with a couple of children
a child looks at birds in the sky outside of of a bridge . 
a child takes a nap on a couch . 
a child looks at the sky outside . 
a woman in a dress cooks food . 
a woman in a dress prepares a steak . 
a woman in a dress dances in the club . 
various dogs sleeping in a house . 
some animals outdoors . 
some dogs playing in grass . 
a choir is preparing to sing for a wedding . 
a group of singers sings . 
a group of people is yelling and shouting . 
the woman looks weary . 
the woman looks like she ' s full of energy . 
the woman had a long day . 
a young boy wears a helmet and biking boots . 
a young boy wears a helmet while on a motorcycle . 
a young boy is watering some plants . 
kids are building a snow man . 
toddles are roasting marshmallows . 
kids are enjoying the cold weather . 
a man with headphones is biking . 
a man is biking down a path . 
a woman is jogging down a road . 
a man throws salt on a snowy road . 
a man is near the road . 
a man paints a house . 
a skier is standing on a blue stretcher while three men watch excitedly
an injured skier being taken for medical help
three men help a skier
happy children play on scaffolding . 
young men play on scaffolding . 
young people play on scaffolding . 
the woman is folding the laundry
the woman has been fishing in the ocean
there is a woman outside . 
pebbles are being thrown into a body of water by two boys . 
the body of water is a lake . 
the two young boys are playing kickball at the park . 
two men working on the roof of an apartment building
two men not working on the roof of an apartment building
two men joyously working on the roof of an apartment building
the man climbing the rope is escaping a swarm of bed bugs . 
a man is climbing a rope . 
the man climbing a rope to get to the top . 
the couple are wearing yellow bandanas . 
the woman is a dirty hippie . 
the people are wearing bandanas . 
a girl is sitting in dirty water with a snake ' s skin in her hands
a girl is sitting on her couch coloring her fingernails . 
a girl is sitting in a tub with part of a snake . 
a taxi cab with two women in the backseat talking on their cellphones . 
a trolley taking people to work and school . 
a trolley making it ' s way through a city . 
the young woman removes her clothes ,  "i came in like wrecking ball ! "
a young woman is playing on a red-orange ball attached to a blue rope . 
the photo is taking place in a gym . 
a girl watches everybody loves raymond . 
a girl debates eating at a certain restaurant . 
a girl in front of a building . 
four people are walking
four people are sleeping at home
a group of friends are headed to wendys
a man is in his bed asleep . 
a man is near the ground . 
a man is searching for something he dropped . 
a group of people sit in the living room . 
a group of people gather near the monster truck . 
a group are gathered near a vehicle . 
the lady on the table is cutting her sandwhich
the lady on the table is leeping
the lady on the table is cutting here sandwich is on her cellphone
the woman is watching television
the woman is using a magnification device
the woman is in an outdoor park
two players are sitting on a couch . 
a football game is being played . 
a wide reciever is trying to make a catch . 
two men are eating inside a restaurant . 
two men are sitting on the restaurant patio . 
two men are outside . 
some of the people here have been in the armed forces . 
no animal products can be seen here . 
the men here will eat a lot of food soon . 
the boy is at the beach . 
the boy is in kansas . 
the boy is swimming . 
the pet is taking a nap . 
there is an animal outside . 
a dog is running towards it ' s owner . 
a happy woman . 
a woman is happy that her husband is home from work . 
a man is yelling at his wife . 
there are two women and two children . 
there are two women and two sleeping children . 
two mothers and their children are playing . 
the cheerleaders are sitting in the stands . 
they are holding pom poms . 
cheerleaders are performing . 
a man is singing indoors . 
the man is buying a new guitar at the store . 
someone is playing a song for a group of people . 
a man and woman ride a mule
the couple is driving
the couple is sleeping . 
a man has a camera in the woods . 
the crowd are composed of one person . 
the women are married . 
the women are wearing clothes
a woman is wearing glasses and a brown beanie . 
a woman is wearing glasses and a light brown beanie . 
a woman is wearing glasses and a white beanie . 
the man is buying groceries . 
the man is having a good time . 
a man is dancing . 
a group of friends are travelling to hawaii . 
a group of people are pulling suitcases . 
two couples are drinking a lemonade . 
a painter is sketching . 
a painter has a tattoo of a dragon on his arm . 
a painter is doing a watercolor painting . 
the woman is at a ski lodge
the woman is at a party
the woman is outdoors
a man is carrying a little girl off the ground . 
a man is carrying his daughter above his head . 
a man is playing monopoly with a little girl . 
a player falls face first
a player makes a diving catch
a player makes the game winning catch
a man on the sidewalk performs a mime act while angry people glare at him
a homeless street musician tries to earn enough to money to survive
a man performs for the public
a basketball player watches a game . 
two people are watching a game . 
two kids are running after a dog that got away . 
two young men are in a hurry . 
a couple of children are eating popsicles at a birthday party . 
the ladies are all seated . 
the ladies are friends . 
dogs fighting each other for the chance to sleep on the bed . 
two cats playing on the bed together . 
dogs playing together inside . 
kids eat at a table . 
kids play outside . 
kids sitting at a table . 
a women observing a camera
a women purchasing a new camera from the store . 
a women cradling a baby . 
a baseball player not sliding into a base
a baseball player joyously sliding into a base
a baseball player sliding into a base
a dog sleeping on the porch . 
a brown dog swims . 
a brown dog swims with their owner . 
two fathers maneuver their baby strollers into a foyer . 
a young woman holds a red umbrella over her infant son as she goes upstairs . 
a woman protects her child from the sun as they walk to an upper level of a building . 
the brick building had glass doors in front
the man with the skateboard is waiting for a plane
the man on the skateboard is going to bounce off the glass doors
a man is playing a brown guitar
the man is also playing the drums
a man is playing guitar
the boys are having fun playing with the train set . 
two girls are playing with dolls . 
the floor is made of wood . 
the people are celebrating their father ' s birthday at a local restaurant . 
there are several people in this picture ,  and they are all inside . 
the people are all driving go-carts around a track at their local family fun center . 
a woman in a blue tank top holding a car . 
a woman is drinking . 
a woman in a pink tank top holding a mug . 
people are watching a ball game . 
people are taking pictures of the indy 500 . 
people are taking pictures . 
two girls hiding behind a wall . 
girls standing up against a wall . 
two girls playing hopscotch in an open court . 
a dog is yawning
a dog is yawning because he is tired from a walk
a dog is running
a bench rests on a man
a man relaxes on a bench
a person rests on seat
a woman in a gray shirt looking at her book . 
a woman in a gray shirt looking onward . 
a woman in a red shirt baking a cake . 
the dog is a shitzu . 
the crazy cat lady is scooping the litter box . 
a woman is playing with her dog . 
a girl chokes out a boy with shoelaces
a girl helps a boy tie his shoes
a girl helps her brother tie his shoes
a man with a girl on a swing . 
a man with a girl playing . 
a man telling the girl not be scared on top of a silde . 
some kids pass their friends on a street . 
some kids eat dinner with their families . 
some kids pass other kids on a street . 
a group of people standing around waiting for a bus . 
a group of people in green vests purchase food for lunch . 
a group of people buy food . 
the pet is eating . 
a dog is on the beach . 
a dog is running towards its owner . 
the people are in a city . 
the people are indoors . 
the traffic is busy . 
a woman is standing in high heels ,  leaning against a wall . 
a woman has her shoe off to adjust her sock . 
a woman is wearing only one shoe . 
the man is typing a paper
the man has a pc
the man is eating lunch
a man polishes a floor next to a can
a man polishes a floor
a man sleep
two kids happily jiving on the dance floor . 
two kids playing on the playground . 
two kids jiving on the dance floor . 
the woman is wearing a skirt . 
the woman is blonde . 
a woman is wearing a white shirt . 
a man is wearing a suit . 
a person addresses a crowd . 
a man gives a speech about the economy . 
men are playing basketball . 
men are playing basketball ,  the guy with the ball is shooting a free throw . 
men are playing basketball as one guy wins the game by attempting a layup . 
a brown dog is walking outside
a dog is lying on the carpet . 
an animal is in water
the man is old
the man frowns at the camera
the man is a father
the blonde lawyer refused to comment . 
she answers questions while sitting at a table . 
the pr rep fielded questions during the interview . 
the curb is dangerous . 
the skateboard is grinding . 
the skateboard is resting . 
soccer players play outside . 
soccer players are trying to get the ball . 
bowlers are eating sandwiches . 
a female has a bee on her hand . 
the hat wearing girl is petting a cat . 
the girl is in contact with an insect . 
somebody saw something in the sky
no one saw the rainbow in the sky
there was a group of people present
there are animals outdoors . 
some animals are forced to stand still in snow . 
a woman in neon green hails a cab alone . 
the headscarf is a gift . 
the day is hot . 
the man is completely nude . 
the cyclist is traveling faster than the cars . 
the cyclist is riding on water . 
the cyclist rides on a public street . 
a family is enjoying the outdoors with their boy
people hanging outside by the water
3 people are seated with their backs against each other
the guy ' s jacket is red . 
the guy is wearing a cap . 
a guy is wearing a red jacket . 
a youngster is paddling a canoe . 
a boy is getting filthy while playing in the wreckage of a fallen building . 
a child is exercising among garbage . 
a woman drinks a beer . 
a woman inspects a garment . 
a woman checks for a stain on her son ' s shirt at the festival . 
a man throwing a frisbee . 
a man digging a hole . 
a man playing in a tournament . 
a trio of humans is sitting . 
three humans are practicing their square-dancing moves . 
there are some people at a business meeting . 
the people are tourists
some people are sitted
the people are standing at the cliff
the rider is in his garage
the rider is following his friends in the sand . 
the rider is outdoors . 
a group of children are on stage
a group of children are performing a play
a group of children are sitting at desks
a man is shooting a basketball at the goal . 
a man is playing tennis . 
a man is about to hit the winning point in a tennis match . 
elephants are smashing the cobblestone street while people are milling around . 
humans are outside going to various shopping places . 
humans are outside meandering around . 
many toys strewn about on the floor . 
a man playing with an airplane . 
the baby ' s diaper is full of feces . 
the players are brazilian
the players are asleep
people playing soccer
two dogs are in the yard . 
two dogs are sleeping by the fireplace . 
two dogs are outside . 
an elderly male is blowing air inyto an object
the elderly man  was blowing up a balloon
the elderly man gave up blowing air into the object
the man selling halal meat in his food cart is smiling at the camera . 
a man is sitting at a table in a bistro . 
a street vendor is smiling at a camera . 
a boy is playing football . 
the boy is going to dunk the ball . 
the boy is on a basketball court . 
a boy jumps in the air . 
a boy collapses on top of the sand castle he just built . 
a boy is happy to be so close to the water . 
the dogs laid down on the rug
the canines run around in the forest . 
the dogs are running after an animal
the young asian couple are using an umbrella to protect themselves from the hard rain . 
a young asian couple are swimming in the pool . 
the young asian couple are walking together . 
there are men outside
the men are watching a football game on the sofa
the men are talking about their wives
a boy is looking through a window at another boy at the train station . 
a boy is sitting at a train station . 
a little boy is walking out of the train . 
the children there together . 
the girl in wearing a bathing suit . 
there are no children present . 
the man is printing a shirt . 
the shirt is blue with black lettering . 
the man is printing some pants . 
a young lady is outside the train station
a lady is walking to her train
a lady is taking a bus
a bartender taps a keg . 
three friends hiking the appalachain trail . 
hikers in the mountains . 
the child will go down the slide . 
the child is at the top of the slide . 
the child is on a swing . 
the person wants to dig for something that is buried . 
the woman is wearing a purple coat . 
the woman wearing the coat is relaxing . 
the woman is waiting for someone to show up . 
the crowd cheers . 
the crowd knows their team will win . 
a woman takes a nap . 
the woman is sitting on the back porch . 
the white woman is using an atm machine . 
the woman is withdrawing money . 
an animal is jumping . 
an animal is outdoors . 
an animal is lying down . 
traffic is being directed by a road worker . 
construction is being done on the road . 
a road worker is holding a shotgun to direct traffic . 
the children are enjoying a surprise snowday off from school in the middle of april
the children are eating pb&j sandwiches inside their kitchen . 
there are three children in this picture ,  and they are all outside . 
man is a girl
man standing in front of case
man has a shirt on
the man is at home sleeping
a man falls from a bull
the man is a farmer
the dog is standing on two legs . 
there is an animal outdoors . 
the dog was just hit by a car and is lying in the street . 
a person in a robe sits on a couch
a man sits on a couch
a person in a suit is eating dinner
a woman is looking at somebody . 
a woman is speaking latin . 
a woman is wearing a pair of sunglasses . 
the robe is brown . 
the robe is black . 
the man is a great guitar player . 
a person riding a large animal . 
a man sitting on a camel . 
an old asian man riding a baby elephant . 
a snowboarder is dressed up . 
a snowboarder is sleep . 
a snowboarder is going snowboarding
a woman is riding a skateboard . 
a woman riding a bike . 
a woman riding a bike in a race . 
a young girl cooks pancakes . 
a young girl in the kitchen makes spicy omelets . 
a young girl flips an omelet . 
there is no food on the plate . 
the girl is near food . 
there is chinese food on the plate . 
the boy is on a soccer team . 
the boy is on the field . 
the boy is on a baseball field . 
a man is working on a cart . 
everyone is in a restaurant . 
a boy dressed for summer in a tight green shirt and kahki shorts
a boy dressed for summer in a green shirt and kahki shorts
a boy alien dressed for summer in a green shirt and kahki shorts
two girls sit quietly and sharpen knives for the sad work ahead . 
a guy rolls forward . 
a youth engages in athleticism . 
a woman rests on the shoulder of a man
a man rests on a womans shoulder
a man ' s wife lays on his shoulder
a basketball player dunking the ball . 
a baseball player playing in a game . 
a baseball player catching a baseball . 
the boy ' s suspenders are blue . 
the boy is dressed in a formal suit . 
the boy has suspenders attached to his pants . 
a dog wants back inside from the cold . 
a dog plays in the winter . 
a dog is warm in it ' s bed . 
the man is going into the temple to pray . 
the man is outside . 
the people are playing ice hockey on a pond as the snow begins to fall . 
the people are a part of a native tribe mending their fishing nets . 
there are many people in this picture ,  and they are all outside . 
a group of girls are walking to school . 
a group of girls are outside . 
a group of girls are sitting on a bench . 
a tree has a child stuck up in it . 
a child is stuck in a tree after trying to hide . 
a man is sawing down a telephone pole . 
the person is outdoors . 
the person is indoors . 
the person is taking a nature hike . 
a person stands in the middle of a crowd of teenagers . 
a girl stands in the middle of a crowd of teenagers . 
a sad boy stands in the middle of a crowd of teenagers . 
a man and his camel
the man and his goat in the farm
the man is mexican
the animal is sitting under tree
there is a guy carrying his pet with him near fallen tree
a man waits at a red light . 
a man is on his way to work . 
a man ran a red light . 
a group of officers stand near a crime scene . 
a group of officers are standing . 
an officer enjoys coffee in a shop . 
man runs fast
woman holds baby
woman holds her new baby
a dog is chasing a ball . 
a cat is running up a tree . 
a mammal is running through the yard . 
a dog is pulling a sled . 
a dog is pulling a sled with bags . 
a cat is playing in the snow . 
there are people at a market . 
the three people are shopping for a party they are going to throw . 
the three people are watching television together . 
a group of people are sitting in the library . 
a group of people are going to work . 
there are people walking . 
a man is asleep
a man is drinking coffee
a homeless man is sleeping outside
the woman is jumping
the woman is a professional skater
the woman is eating a hot dog
guys are playing shirts vs skins . 
guys are sitting in a meeting . 
guys are indoors . 
a barber waits for business . 
a barber is closing his door . 
a barber in a sports shop waits eagerly for business . 
two women stand in a kitchen . 
two women are having tea . 
two women are doing dishes . 
the man is next to the fence . 
the man wearing black pants and a black jacket is in front of the fence . 
a man wearing pink is next to the blue fence . 
the ocean swims in the blue wideness . 
it is the backstroke . 
some is staying afloat and moving in water . 
a bird is perching in a tree . 
a squirrel plays in a tree . 
an owl is perched on a tree branch . 
a young man is sitting down . 
a young man is resting . 
a young man is playing basketball . 
there are dogs in the kennel . 
the kids are being punished . 
kids are in a cage . 
the three best friends just got finished playing a game of musical chairs . 
two girls are standing next to a girl who is sitting . 
the three girls are arm wrestling in china town . 
members of congress opening care packages . 
a woman in green opening a box while a half concealed man manipulates a handheld device . 
a woman opening boxes while her colleague checks a shipping manifest . 
two people are outside with animals . 
two people are swimming at the gym . 
a couple is farming with their pet buffalo . 
the boys had sandwiches . 
lilly and sally were laughing while eating lunch . 
lilly and sally were eating lunch . 
photographers take photos of the scene after a train accident . 
some people are walking to the train station . 
some people with cameras are standing on a train track . 
the cathedral is small . 
the children are bored . 
the strollers are moving . 
nobody is talking
people talking
tall people talking
two people are outdoors . 
two people are rolling down the hill . 
two people pause to overlook the beautiful veiw before resuming their hike . 
the young girl is wearing a black leotard
the young girl is wearing a white leotard
two men boxing . 
two men sit and enjoy lunch together . 
one man pounds another as they box . 
a man with his two children running in front of him . 
a man poses for a photograph with his two grandchildren . 
three humans together . 
a woman leans against a fence
a man leans against a fence
an accordion player leans against his fence
several women jump in a pool and splash each other . 
women wearing headscarves stand in a cobbled courtyard . 
several women wearing headscarves stand and talk to each other in a cobbled courtyard . 
the children are yelling loudly . 
two young children are whispering to each other . 
they are whispering about their day . 
there is a man running through a green field . 
the man is wearing designer fashions during a photoshoot . 
there is a man in black outside on a busy sidewalk . 
the woman is naked
the beach is cold
the girl has clothes on
a man plays a saxophone
a man performs on the street for tips
a man is eating a sandwich
the man is in the fountain . 
the fountain has running water . 
the man is talking to someone . 
the women are next to a big elementary school
the two women are taking care of a herd of animals
the women are both farmers
a man is cutting the grass . 
a surfer is in performing at a charity event . 
man eating on a bench near a child . 
man eating child . 
man eating his food while sitting with his daughter . 
the large black man is running a race
the large black man is relaxing in the chair
the large black man is relaxing in the chair and waiting for a steak
some men are eating dinner around a large round table . 
some men are gathered around a table . 
some men are having a planning meeting in a room . 
a young male in a white shirt . 
a boy in a purple shirt . 
a blonde boy in a white shirt . 
the man and women are at a high priced store . 
the deals can be found at flea markets . 
the couple are shopping for deals . 
gerbils chat on gruveo . 
people are standing . 
the building is historical . 
the tourists stood at the railing looking down at the city
the tourists were on a bus tour
the attraction drew the attention of the tourists
the group is eating lunch at a small cafe . 
the group is taking a tour . 
the woman is walking away from the group . 
the man has no vocal cords . 
the man loves to play music for people . 
the man knows how to play the guitar . 
a boy looks in a case
a trophy is in the case
a girl is walking
this is a transportation station
the man is at a school
the guards are watching a suspicious man
the children are playing in an amusement park . 
the children are playing in the sand . 
the children playing in the sand all know each other . 
four children who live in a large building are in the courtyard playing . 
four children are outdoors playing . 
for small children are playing in the sand on a deserted beach . 
the dog is jumping . 
the dog wants to play . 
the dog is sleeping . 
a man is watching his son playing on the swingset . 
a man is swimming in the ocean . 
a man sees something while in a park . 
the snowboarder has never tried this jump before . 
a person is snowboarding . 
the snowboarder is naked . 
a woman reaches into a basket at a store
a man reaches into his laundry basket at the laundromat
a man reaches into a basket at a laundromat
the woman is standing
the dog is eating dinner
the family is trying to take a family picture
an emergency worker is at the beach . 
an emergency worker works at a crash scene . 
an emergency worker helps outdoors . 
a girl is playing outside on a swing . 
a girl is sleeping in bed . 
the girl is swinging at the park . 
a guy in a red top and tie makes a speech
a drunk talks loudly at a wedding
a man sits shyly near a bride
a lady walks down the street . 
a young woman is standing and staring at a painted mural . 
a woman walks past a wall of graffiti on her way to the bookstore . 
the helicopter is black . 
the man has nothing on his face . 
a person is holding two objects . 
a man stands near some fruit
a man takes a picture of the pile of fruits
a man stands in front of a small banana pile
a woman is looking at a text on her cell phone . 
a woman has her cell phone up to her ear . 
a woman is holding her cell phone . 
the person is riding a brown horse . 
the person is on a camel . 
the person is on a horse . 
a group of people are sleeping on pluto . 
a group of people listen carefully to a boy being interviewed . 
a group of people are watching a boy and and interviewer . 
a man interviews a boy . 
a man slaps a little boy in front of a gather of people . 
a man interviews a child about his view on terrorism and barney . 
two people are at a party . 
some people are doing something . 
birds are migrating to a new place . 
the two dogs belong to the lady . 
a lady has two dogs with her . 
the lady has the two dogs inside . 
the tank is getting something out of the child . 
the tank is filled with water . 
the tank has an opening . 
a young girl chasing a duck with bread in her hands ,  and a brick in the other . 
a young girl chasing a dragon with bread in her hands . 
a child is chasing an animal . 
the young man jumping against the wall is hispanic . 
the young man is jumping against a wall . 
the young man dressed with a yellow tie is dancing at a party . 
a boy admires a woman . 
a boy is watching a woman . 
a woman is checking out the men . 
the woman is doing a speech . 
the man is talking to himself . 
an older man is talking . 
a boy is riding to the store to get some candy . 
a boy is riding his bike outside . 
a boy is walking on a sidewalk in his neighborhood . 
the person in the picture is riding a bike slowing up hill ,  pumping the pedals as hard as they can . 
there is snow on the ground in this picture . 
the man ,  an amateur skier ,  has tried a ski run that is too hard and is careening out of control down the hill . 
a golden animal bounds across the snow-covered plateau . 
a golden car bounds across the snow-covered highway . 
a golden dog bounds across the snow-covered land form . 
this woman is going to get married . 
the woman is modeling a wedding dress . 
the woman is handing out information
a guy in cloth pants and shirt is wearing something on his face to protect hist lungs puts out a fire . 
a guy in pants and shirt wearing a face mask to breath through fools around with a fire . 
a guy wearing a shirt and pants and a bandanna over his mouth starts a blaze going . 
people are caring for their lawns
people are planting daisies
people are planting in their homes . 
two friends are playing a game of horse in basketball
two men are playing sports
two friends are eating lunch
the women are winning the soccer game . 
a women ' s soccer game . 
the women are playing soccer on mars . 
kids are laughing and playing . 
kids are playing in the water . 
kids are running from zombies . 
a woman rests on a bench in the day
a woman takes a much needed nap
a man takes a nap outside
the man is wearing white pants . 
there is a black bandana . 
the bandana is expensive . 
the man almost slipped earlier . 
the man is outdoors . 
the man is sitting down . 
group of people waiting to cross the street . 
people waiting in line at an amusement park . 
some of the people are wearing sunglasses . 
the zombies are busy playing with paper bags . 
two boys have paper and another boy is grabbing a bag . 
the friends are playing with paper and bags . 
a man waiting for someone near a white van . 
a man sitting outside near a van . 
a man sitting inside a red truck . 
a person is playing a sport . 
the quarterback is throwing the football . 
the football player wearing the red jersey with number 87 on it is about to kick the football for the kickoff . 
a man is taking a shower . 
a guy is standing near a crowd of people . 
a mime is performing for a group in the park . 
the man is bowling . 
the man has rental shoes on . 
the man is at home watching tv . 
there is a boy collecting candy from a man in a clown costume . 
a small girl is in the parade for the marching band . 
a girl is by a parade . 
the men are wearing blue uniforms and wrestling in a competition . 
the man is brown is getting his wallet to pay the man in the jacket . 
two men in dark clothing ,  one is reaching into a bag . 
a girl plays guitar and sings for a crowd . 
a girl plays guitar and sings on stage . 
a man play the triangle . 
someone is fixing a net . 
someone is preparing to catch fish . 
someone is fixing a lawnmower . 
the man knows the woman . 
the man is on the moon . 
the man is friendly . 
an individual is playing guitar on the streets . 
a poor person in tattered clothes kneels by the trash filled body of water . 
a homeless man wearing torn clothing is looking for food among the trash in the river . 
a woman is holding a tool . 
a man is kicking some rocks . 
a woman is using a hammer to make something . 
a woman is wearing black sunglasses and holding a black suitcase . 
a woman is posing for a photograph . 
a woman who just won the jackpot at the casino poses for a picture . 
the woman is white
a woman in a scarf
the woman is asleep at home
a woman is wearing a blue coat
a woman is wearing a black coat
a woman is enjoying a meal before bed
children chopping down tree in woods . 
children enjoying nature . 
children crossing stream in forest . 
a man sits at home waiting for his dinner
a man at a restaurant
a man at a restaurant waiting for his wife
the san francisco 49ers cheerleaders perform in a dark basement . 
a group of girls shake pom poms . 
a group of people dance outdoors . 
the man is looking to sell things . 
a woman stands on a street corner . 
a man sits outside . 
the girl was running . 
the boy was caught stealing . 
the boy started running . 
a woman and a man are outside . 
two women embrace on the sidewalk . 
a woman and a man block the entire sidewalk . 
a girl is on a bus going to get her groceries
a girl is on stage entertaining the crowd with her hula hoop dance
a girl is entertaining on stage
a colonel speaks into the microphone . 
a woman soldier speaks into the microphone . 
a soldier speaks into the microphone . 
some workers are digging at a construction site . 
some window washers are preparing to start work . 
there are workers on the scaffolding . 
a couple is having a picnic . 
people are outside . 
a couple is at a restaurant . 
a person and an animal are interacting out of doors . 
a woman is sitting at the vet ' s office with her dog . 
a woman is rewarding a dog for bringing back a thrown stick . 
two people do jump kicks
two people do karate
a man sleeps in a chair
two karate men sparring with sticks for a competition
two karate men sparring with sticks
two men fist fighting in the street
the man holding the beer and beer glass manages to pull the green pieces from of his beard . 
the man in the gray t-shirt pulls little green men out of beard; too much drinking ,  i guess . 
the gentleman in the t-shirt really shouldn ' t drink so much beer ,  as now he has little green pieces of something in his beard . 
the boy is eating a sandwich on the moon . 
the boy is wearing shin guards . 
the duck spread its wings to fly when it heard a gunshot . 
the duck kept it ' s wings intact when it dived under the water to catch some fish . 
there is an animal in the water . 
a girl at school getting a ruler . 
a child at a party . 
making a wish . 
a gorup of girl is junping over each other . 
a gorup of girl is laying down . 
a group of girl is playing . 
the two people are romantically involved . 
the two people are swimming . 
there are two people near a bike . 
a woman is walking in park
a woman prepare a lunch in restaurant
a woman in restaurant
tall humans working . 
nobody is working
humans working . 
a busker is wearing a hat . 
a man is wearing a hat . 
a man is playing guitar . 
strangers are standing indoors . 
a family is standing outside . 
they own the home . 
the gondola operators are taking a work break . 
the gondola operators are in the water ,  pushing their boats . 
the gondola operators are in uniform . 
a boy drags a sled up the hill
a boy drags his dog
a boy drags a sled
two men are playing on a street corner . 
two men are playing frisbee in the park . 
a man with glasses and a disheveled outfit is playing a guitar and singing along with a drummer . 
a girl dancing and photographer take a photo
some players are playing cricket in ground
a girl is dancing and anothe man take a photo
two women are looking at a flower together . 
two women are standing with their eyes closed . 
two girls are looking at something . 
a man is flying a kite . 
a man is speaking in a classroom . 
a man is teaching science in a classroom . 
